Aphelios;MARKSMAN;THE HITMAN AND THE SEER: This champion wields 5 Lunari Weapons made by his/her sister Alune. He/She has access to two at a time: one main-hand and one off-hand. Each weapon has a unique Basic Attack and Ability. Attacks and abilities consume a weapon's ammo. When out of ammo, This champion discards the weapon and Alune summons the next of the 5.;WEAPON ABILITES: This champion has 5 different activated abilities, based on his/her main-hand weapon: Calibrum (Rifle): Long range shot that marks its target for a long-range follow-up attack. Severum (Scythe Pistol): Run fast while attacking nearby enemies with both weapons. Gravitum (Cannon): Root all enemies slowed by this weapon. Infernum (Flamethrower): Blast enemies in a cone and attack them with your off-hand weapon. Crescendum (Chakram): Deploy a sentry that shoots your off-hand weapon.;PHASE: This champion swaps his/her main-hand gun with his/her off-hand gun, replacing his/her basic attack and activated ability.;WEAPON QUEUE SYSTEM: This champion has no third ability. This slot shows the next weapon Alune will give him. Weapon order begins fixed but may change over game time -- when a weapon is out of ammo it goes to the end of the order.;MOONLIGHT VIGIL: Fire a concentrated blast of moonlight that explodes on enemy champions. Applies the unique effect of This champion' main-hand gun.
Braum;TANK / SUPPORT;CONCUSSIVE BLOWS: This champion's basic attacks apply Concussive Blows. Once the first stack is applied, ally basic attacks also stack Concussive Blows. Upon reaching 4 stacks, the target is stunned and takes magic damage. For the next few seconds they cannot receive new stacks, but take bonus magic damage from This champion's attacks.;WINTER'S BITE: This champion propels freezing ice from his/her shield, slowing and dealing magic damage. Applies a stack of Concussive Blows.;STAND BEHIND ME: This champion leaps to a target allied champion or minion. On arrival, This champion and the ally gain Armor and Magic Resist for a few seconds.;UNBREAKABLE: This champion raises his/her shield in a direction for several seconds, intercepting all projectiles causing them to hit him/her and be destroyed. He/She negates the damage of the first attack completely and reduces the damage of all subsequent attacks from this direction.;GLACIAL FISSURE: This champion slams the ground, knocking up enemies nearby and in a line in front of him. A fissure is left along the line that slows enemies.
Galio;TANK / MAGE;COLOSSAL SMASH: Every few seconds, This champion's next basic attack deals bonus magic damage in an area.;WINDS OF WAR: This champion fires two windblasts that converge into a large tornado that deals damage over time.;SHIELD OF DURAND: This champion charges a defensive stance, moving slowly. Upon releasing the charge, This champion will taunt and damage nearby enemies.;JUSTICE PUNCH: This champion will briefly step back and charge, knocking up the first enemy champion he/she encounters.;HERO'S ENTRANCE: This champion designates an ally's position as his/her landing spot, granting all allies in the area a magic shield. After a delay This champion smashes down location, knocking up nearby enemies.
Drmundo;TANK / FIGHTER;GOES WHERE HE PLEASES: Dr. Mundo resists the first Immobilizing effect that hits him, instead losing Health and dropping a chemical cannister nearby. Dr. Mundo can pick it up by walking over it, restoring Health and reducing this Ability's Cooldown. Dr. Mundo also has significantly increased Health regeneration.;INFECTED BONESAW: Dr. Mundo throws an infected bonesaw, dealing damage to the first enemy hit based on their current health and slowing them.;HEART ZAPPER: Dr. Mundo electrocutes himself, dealing persistent damage to nearby enemies and storing a portion of damage he/she takes. At the end of the duration or on Recast, Dr. Mundo deals a burst of damage to nearby enemies. If the burst hit an enemy, he/she heals a percentage of the stored damage.;BLUNT FORCE TRAUMA: Passive - Dr. Mundo gains bonus Attack Damage, increasing based on his/her max Health. Active - Dr. Mundo slams his/her “medical” bag into an enemy, dealing additional damage based on his/her missing Health. If the enemy dies they are swatted away, dealing damage to enemies they pass through.;MAXIMUM DOSAGE: Dr. Mundo pumps himself with chemicals, instantly healing a percent of his/her missing Health. He/She then gains Move Speed and regenerates a portion of his/her maximum Health over a long duration.
Aatrox;FIGHTER;DEATHBRINGER STANCE: Periodically, This champion's next basic attack deals bonus physical damage and heals him, based on the target's max health.;THE DARKIN BLADE: This champion slams his/her greatsword down, dealing physical damage. He/She can swing three times, each with a different area of effect.;INFERNAL CHAINS: This champion smashes the ground, dealing damage to the first enemy hit. Champions and large monsters have to leave the impact area quickly or they will be dragged to the center and take the damage again.;UMBRAL DASH: Passively, This champion heals when damaging enemy champions. On activation, he/she dashes in a direction.;WORLD ENDER: This champion unleashes his/her demonic form, fearing nearby enemy minions and gaining attack damage, increased healing, and Move Speed. If he/she gets a takedown, this effect is extended.
Briar;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;CRIMSON CURSE: This champion's attacks and abilities apply a stacking bleed that heals his/her for a portion of the damage it deals. Perpetually hungry, he/she gains increased healing based on his/her missing Health, but lacks innate Health Regeneration.;HEAD RUSH: This champion leaps to a unit and hits enemies with The Heel Wheel (of Pain), stunning them and breaking their Armor.;BLOOD FRENZY / SNACK ATTACK: This champion leaps forward and shatters his/her pillory, entering a Blood Frenzy that causes his/her to relentlessly pursue the nearest enemy (prioritizing champions). While frenzied, he/she gains increased Attack Speed and Move Speed, and his/her attacks deal damage in an area around his/her target. This champion can reactivate this ability while frenzied to take a CHOMP out of his/her target on his/her next attack, dealing additional damage based on their missing Health, and healing This champion based on the damage he/she deals.;CHILLING SCREAM: This champion refocuses his/her mind, removing Blood Frenzy and channeling energy into a powerful scream that damages and slows enemies. While charging, he/she takes reduced damage and heals for a portion of his/her max Health. A fully charged scream knocks foes back, dealing additional damage and stunning those who collide with a wall.;CERTAIN DEATH: This champion kicks his/her pillory's hemolith gemstone, marking the first champion it hits as his/her prey. He/She then beelines straight to them, fearing other surrounding enemies upon arriving at his/her target, and enters a state of complete hemomania. He/She will pursue his/her prey until death, gaining the benefits of Blood Frenzy as well as additional Armor, Magic Resistance, Life Steal, and Move Speed.
Gangplank;FIGHTER;TRIAL BY FIRE: Every few seconds, This champion's melee strike will set his/her opponent on fire.;PARRRLEY: Shoots target, plundering Gold for each enemy unit killed.;REMOVE SCURVY: Eats citrus to cure crowd control effects and restore Health.;POWDER KEG: This champion uncovers a powder keg at target location. If he/she attacks it, it explodes, spreading the attack's damage to enemies in the area, slowing them.;CANNON BARRAGE: This champion signals his/her ship to bombard an area, slowing and damaging enemies.
Ashe;MARKSMAN / SUPPORT;FROST SHOT: This champion's attacks slow their target, causing his/her to deal increased damage to these targets. This champion's critical strikes deal no bonus damage but apply an empowered slow to the target.;RANGER'S FOCUS: This champion builds up Focus by attacking. At maximum Focus, This champion can cast Ranger's Focus to consume all stacks of Focus, temporarily increasing his/her Attack Speed and transforming his/her basic attack into a powerful flurry attack for the duration.;VOLLEY: This champion fires arrows in a cone for increased damage. Also applies Frost Shot.;HAWKSHOT: This champion sends his/her Hawk Spirit on a scouting mission anywhere on the map.;ENCHANTED CRYSTAL ARROW: This champion fires a missile of ice in a straight line. If the arrow collides with an enemy Champion, it deals damage and stuns the Champion, stunning for longer the farther arrow has traveled. In addition, surrounding enemy units take damage and are slowed.
Draven;MARKSMAN;LEAGUE OF DRAVEN: This champion gains his/her fans' Adoration when he/she catches a Spinning Axe or kills a minion, monster, or tower. Killing enemy champions grants This champion bonus gold based on how much Adoration he/she has.;SPINNING AXE: This champion's next attack will deal bonus physical damage. This axe will ricochet off the target high up into the air. If This champion catches it, he/she automatically readies another Spinning Axe. This champion can have two Spinning Axes at once.;BLOOD RUSH: This champion gains increased Move Speed and Attack Speed. The Move Speed bonus decreases rapidly over its duration. Catching a Spinning Axe will refresh the cooldown of Blood Rush.;STAND ASIDE: This champion throws his/her axes, dealing physical damage to targets hit and knocking them aside. Targets hit are slowed.;WHIRLING DEATH: This champion hurls two massive axes to deal physical damage to each unit struck. Whirling Death slowly reverses direction and returns to This champion after striking an enemy champion. This champion may also activate this ability while the axes are in flight to cause it to return early. Deals less damage for each unit hit and resets when the axes reverse direction. Executes enemies who have less health than This champion's number of Adoration stacks.
Ahri;MAGE / ASSASSIN;ESSENCE THEFT: After killing 9 minions or monsters, This champion heals. After taking down an enemy champion, This champion heals for a greater amount.;ORB OF DECEPTION: This champion sends out and pulls back his/her orb, dealing magic damage on the way out and true damage on the way back.;FOX-FIRE: This champion gains a brief burst of Move Speed and releases three fox-fires, that lock onto and attack nearby enemies.;CHARM: This champion blows a kiss that damages and charms an enemy it encounters, instantly stopping movement abilities and causing them to walk harmlessly towards her.;SPIRIT RUSH: This champion dashes forward and fires essence bolts, damaging nearby enemies. Spirit Rush can be cast up to three times before going on cooldown, and gains additional recasts when taking down enemy champions.
Caitlyn;MARKSMAN;HEADSHOT: Every few basic attacks, or against a target he/she has trapped or netted, This champion will fire a headshot dealing bonus damage that scales with his/her critical strike chance. On trapped or netted targets, This champion's Headshot attack range is doubled.;PILTOVER PEACEMAKER: This champion revs up his/her rifle for 1 second to unleash a penetrating shot that deals physical damage (deals less damage to subsequent targets).;YORDLE SNAP TRAP: This champion sets a trap that, when sprung, reveals and immobilizes the enemy champion for 1.5 seconds, granting This champion an empowered Headshot.;90 CALIBER NET: This champion fires a heavy net to slow his/her target. The recoil knocks This champion back.;ACE IN THE HOLE: This champion takes time to line up the perfect shot, dealing massive damage to a single target at a huge range. Enemy champions can intercept the bullet for their ally.
Aurelionsol;MAGE;COSMIC CREATOR: Aurelion Sol's damaging Abilities break down enemies into stacks of Stardust, which permanently improves each of his/her abilities.;BREATH OF LIGHT: Aurelion Sol channels his/her dragon breath for a few seconds, damaging the first enemy hit and splashing reduced damage onto nearby enemies. Each second the breath is channeled directly at an enemy will deal bonus damage, which is improved by the amount of Stardust that's been collected. This ability collects Stardust if the target is a champion.;ASTRAL FLIGHT: Aurelion Sol flies over terrain in a targeted direction. While in this state, he/she can cast other abilities. Breath of Light no longer has a cooldown or maximum channel duration and deals increased damage while flying. Astral Flight's remaining cooldown is reduced whenever an enemy champion dies after being recently damaged by Aurelion Sol. Stardust increases Astral Flight's maximum range.;SINGULARITY: Aurelion Sol summons a black hole, damaging enemies and slowly pulling them toward its center. This ability grants Stardust each time an enemy dies within the black hole and for each second an enemy champion is caught inside it. The center of the black hole executes enemies who are below a certain percentage of their maximum health. Stardust increases Singularity's area as well as the execution threshold.;FALLING STAR / THE SKIES DESCEND: Falling Star: Aurelion Sol crashes a star into the earth. This impact deals magic damage and stuns enemies while also granting Stardust for each enemy champion it hits. Gathering enough Stardust transforms Aurelion Sol's next Falling Star into The Skies Descend. The Skies Descend: Aurelion Sol drags a giant star down from the heavens with an increased impact zone and increased damage, knocking up enemies rather than stunning them. A shockwave then spreads from the edge of the impact zone, which damages and slows the enemies it hits. Stardust increases the impact area of both Falling Star and The Skies Descend.
Garen;FIGHTER / TANK;PERSEVERANCE: If This champion has not recently been struck by damage or enemy abilities, he/she regenerates a percentage of his/her total health each second.;DECISIVE STRIKE: This champion gains a burst of Move Speed, breaking free of all slows affecting him. His/Her next attack strikes a vital area of his/her foe, dealing bonus damage and silencing them.;COURAGE: This champion passively increases his/her armor and magic resist by killing enemies. He/She may also activate this ability to give him/her a shield and tenacity for a brief moment followed by a lesser amount of damage reduction for a longer duration.;JUDGMENT: This champion rapidly spins his/her sword around his/her body, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies.;DEMACIAN JUSTICE: This champion calls upon the might of Demacia to attempt to execute an enemy champion.
Ekko;ASSASSIN / MAGE;Z-DRIVE RESONANCE: Every third attack or damaging spell on the same target deals bonus magic damage, and grants This champion a burst of speed if the target is a champion.;TIMEWINDER: This champion throws a temporal grenade that expands into a time-distortion field upon hitting an enemy champion, slowing and damaging anyone caught inside. After a delay, the grenade rewinds back to This champion, dealing damage on its return.;PARALLEL CONVERGENCE: This champion's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage to low health enemies. He/She can cast Parallel Convergence to split the timeline, creating an anomaly after a few seconds that slows enemies caught inside. If This champion enters the anomaly, he/she gains shielding and stuns enemies by suspending them in time.;PHASE DIVE: This champion rolls evasively while charging up his/her Z-Drive. His/Her next attack deals bonus damage and warps reality, teleporting him/her to his/her target.;CHRONOBREAK: This champion shatters his/her timeline, becoming untargetable and rewinding to a more favorable point in time. He/She returns to whenever he/she was a few seconds ago, and heals for a percentage of the damage received in that duration. Enemies near his/her arrival zone take massive damage.
Akali;ASSASSIN;ASSASSIN'S MARK: Dealing spell damage to a champion creates a ring of energy around them. Exiting that ring empowers This champion's next Attack with bonus range and damage.;FIVE POINT STRIKE: This champion throws out five kunai, dealing damage based on his/her bonus Attack Damage and Ability Power and slowing.;TWILIGHT SHROUD: This champion drops a cover of smoke and briefly gains Move Speed. While inside the shroud, This champion becomes invisible and unable to be selected by enemy spells and attacks. Attacking or using abilities will briefly reveal her.;SHURIKEN FLIP: Flip backward and fire a shuriken forward, dealing magic damage. The first enemy or smoke cloud hit is marked. Re-cast to dash to the marked target, dealing additional damage.;PERFECT EXECUTION: This champion leaps in a direction, damaging enemies he/she strikes. Re-cast: This champion dashes in a direction, executing all enemies he/she strikes.
Camille;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;ADAPTIVE DEFENSES: Basic attacks on champions grant a shield equal to a percentage of This champion's maximum health against their damage type (Physical or Magic) for a brief duration.;PRECISION PROTOCOL: This champion's next attack deals bonus damage and grants bonus Move Speed. This spell can be recast for a short period of time, doing significantly increased bonus damage if This champion delays a period of time between the two attacks.;TACTICAL SWEEP: This champion blasts in a cone after a delay, dealing damage. Enemies in the outer half are slowed and take extra damage, while also healing This champion.;HOOKSHOT: This champion pulls herself to a wall, leaping off and knocking up enemy champions upon landing.;THE HEXTECH ULTIMATUM: This champion dashes to target champion, anchoring them to the area. He/She also deals bonus magic damage to the target with his/her basic attacks.
Gnar;FIGHTER / TANK;RAGE GENE: While in combat This champion generates Rage. At maximum Rage his/her next ability will transform him/her into Mega This champion, granting increased survivability and access to new spells.;BOOMERANG THROW / BOULDER TOSS: This champion throws a boomerang that damages and slows enemies it hits before returning to him. If he/she catches the boomerang its cooldown is reduced. Mega This champion instead throws a boulder that stops on the first unit hit, damaging and slowing everything nearby. It can then be picked up to reduce the cooldown.;HYPER / WALLOP: This champion's attacks and spells hype him/her up, dealing bonus damage and granting him/her Move Speed. Mega This champion is too enraged to be hyper and instead can rear up on his/her hind legs and smash down on the area in front of him, stunning enemies in an area.;HOP / CRUNCH: This champion leaps to a location and bounces off the head of any unit he/she lands on, traveling further. Mega This champion is too large to bounce and instead lands with earth-shattering force, dealing damage in an area around him.;GNAR!: Mega This champion throws everything around him/her in a chosen direction, dealing damage and slowing them. Any enemy that hits a wall is stunned and takes bonus damage.
Aurora;MAGE / ASSASSIN;SPIRIT ABJURATION: This champion's spells and attacks exorcise spirits from the enemies he/she damages. Exorcised spirits follow This champion around, healing his/her and granting his/her bonus movement speed.;TWOFOLD HEX: This champion sends out a missile that curses any enemies it hits. He/She can then recast the ability to draw active curses back toward herself, damaging foes who are hit along the way.;ACROSS THE VEIL: This champion leaps in a direction of his/her choosing, entering the spirit realm upon landing and becoming invisible for a short duration of time.;THE WEIRDING: This champion converges the realms, sending out a blast of spirit magic that damages and slows enemies before This champion hops backward to safety.;BETWEEN WORLDS: This champion leaps in a direction of his/her choosing, releasing a shockwave that damages and slows any enemies it hits. Afterward, he/she creates an area that traps enemies within it and allows This champion to teleport from one side of the area to the other.
Elise;ASSASSIN / MAGE;SPIDER QUEEN: Human Form: When This champion's abilities hit an enemy, he/she gains a dormant Spiderling. Spider Form: Basic attacks deal bonus magic damage and restore health to This champion.;NEUROTOXIN / VENOMOUS BITE: Human Form: Deals damage based upon how high the target's Health is. Spider Form: Lunges at an enemy and deals damage based upon how low their Health is.;VOLATILE SPIDERLING / SKITTERING FRENZY: Human Form: Releases a venom-gorged Spiderling that explodes when it nears a target. Spider Form: This champion and his/her Spiderlings gain Attack Speed.;COCOON / RAPPEL: Human Form: Stuns the first enemy unit hit and reveals them if they are not stealthed. Spider Form: This champion and his/her Spiderlings ascend into the air and then descend upon target enemy. After descending on an enemy target, This champion's bonus damage and healing from Spider Queen is increased.;SPIDER FORM: Transforms into a menacing spider, reducing his/her attack range in exchange for Move Speed, new abilities, and a Spiderling swarm that will attack his/her foes.
Akshan;MARKSMAN / ASSASSIN;DIRTY FIGHTING: Every three hits from This champion's Attacks and Abilities deals bonus damage and grants him/her a Shield if the target was a champion. When This champion Attacks, he/she fires an additional Attack for reduced damage. If he/she cancels the additional Attack, he/she instead gains Move Speed.;AVENGERANG: This champion throws a boomerang that deals damage going out and coming back, extending its range each time it hits an enemy.;GOING ROGUE: This champion passively marks enemy champions as Scoundrels when they kill his/her ally champions. If This champion kills a Scoundrel, he/she resurrects the allies they killed, gains bonus gold, and clears all marks. When activated, This champion enters camouflage and gains Move Speed and Mana Regen while moving towards Scoundrels. This champion loses the camouflage quickly while he/she is not in brush or near terrain.;HEROIC SWING: This champion fires a grappling hook into terrain then swings around it, repeatedly firing at the nearest enemy while swinging. He/She can jump off early or gets knocked off when colliding with champions or terrain.;COMEUPPANCE: This champion locks onto an enemy champion and starts storing bullets. When released, he/she fires all stored bullets, dealing damage based on missing health to the first champion, minion, or structure hit.
Cassiopeia;MAGE;SERPENTINE GRACE: This champion gains Move Speed per level, but he/she cannot purchase Boots items.;NOXIOUS BLAST: This champion blasts an area with Poison after a brief delay, granting his/her increased Move Speed if he/she hits an enemy champion.;MIASMA: This champion releases several clouds of poison, slowing, grounding, and lightly damaging enemies that pass through them. Grounded enemies cannot use Movement abilities.;TWIN FANG: This champion lets loose an attack that deals increased damage to Poisoned targets and heals his/her for a percentage of the damage dealt. If the target dies from this attack, This champion regains Mana.;PETRIFYING GAZE: This champion releases a swirl of magical energy from his/her eyes, stunning any enemies in front of his/her that are facing his/her and slowing any others with their back turned.
Gragas;FIGHTER / MAGE;HAPPY HOUR: This champion periodically heals upon using a skill.;BARREL ROLL: This champion rolls his/her cask to a location, which can be activated to explode or will explode on its own after 4 seconds. The potency of the explosion increases over time. Enemies struck by the blast have their Move Speed slowed.;DRUNKEN RAGE: This champion guzzles down brew from his/her cask for 1 second. After finishing, he/she becomes drunkenly empowered, dealing magic damage to all nearby enemies on his/her next basic attack and reducing damage received.;BODY SLAM: This champion charges to a location and collides with the first enemy unit he/she comes across, dealing damage to all nearby enemy units and stunning them.;EXPLOSIVE CASK: This champion hurls his/her cask to a location, dealing damage and knocking back enemies caught in the blast radius.
Azir;MAGE / MARKSMAN;SHURIMA'S LEGACY: This champion can summon the Disc of the Sun from the ruins of allied or enemy turrets.;CONQUERING SANDS: This champion sends all Sand Soldiers towards a location. Sand Soldiers deal magic damage to enemies they pass through and apply a slow for 1 second.;ARISE!: This champion summons a Sand Soldier to attack nearby targets for him, replacing his/her basic attack against targets within the soldier's range. Their attacks deal magic damage to enemies in a line. Arise! also passively grants attack speed to This champion and his/her Sand Soldiers.;SHIFTING SANDS: This champion shields himself briefly and dashes to one of his/her Sand Soldiers, damaging enemies. If he/she hits an enemy champion, he/she instantly readies a new Sand Soldier for deployment and halts his/her dash.;EMPEROR'S DIVIDE: This champion summons a wall of soldiers which charge forward, knocking back and damaging enemies.
Evelynn;ASSASSIN / MAGE;DEMON SHADE: When out of combat, This champion enters Demon Shade. Demon Shade heals This champion when he/she is low on health and grants Camouflage after level 6.;HATE SPIKE: This champion strikes out with his/her Lasher, dealing damage to the first unit hit. Then, This champion can shoot a line of spikes at nearby foes up to 3 times.;ALLURE: This champion curses his/her target, causing his/her next attack or spell after a delay to charm his/her target and reduce their magic resist.;WHIPLASH: This champion whips his/her target with his/her Lasher, dealing damage. He/She then gains Move Speed for a short duration.;LAST CARESS: This champion briefly goes untargetable and decimates the area in front of his/her before warping backwards a long distance.
Alistar;TANK / SUPPORT;TRIUMPHANT ROAR: This champion charges his/her roar by stunning or displacing enemy champions or when nearby enemies die. When fully charged he/she heals himself all nearby allied champions.;PULVERIZE: This champion smashes the ground, dealing damage to nearby enemies and tossing them into the air.;HEADBUTT: This champion rams a target with his/her head, dealing damage and knocking the target back.;TRAMPLE: This champion tramples nearby enemy units, ignoring unit collision and gaining stacks if he/she damages an enemy champion. At full stacks This champion's next basic attack against an enemy champion deals additional magic damage and stuns them.;UNBREAKABLE WILL: This champion lets out a wild roar, removing all crowd control effects on himself, and reducing incoming physical and magical damage for the duration.
Chogath;TANK / MAGE;CARNIVORE: Whenever Cho'Gath kills a unit, he/she recovers Health and Mana. The values restored increase with Cho'Gath's level.;RUPTURE: Ruptures the ground at target location, popping enemy units into the air, dealing damage and slowing them.;FERAL SCREAM: Cho'Gath unleashes a terrible scream at enemies in a cone, dealing magic damage and Silencing enemies for a few seconds.;VORPAL SPIKES: Cho'Gath's attacks release deadly spikes, dealing damage and slowing all enemy units in front of him.;FEAST: Devours an enemy unit, dealing a high amount of true damage. If the target is killed, Cho'Gath grows, gaining maximum Health.
Bard;SUPPORT / MAGE;TRAVELER'S CALL: Meeps: This champion attracts lesser spirits that assist with his/her basic attacks to deal extra magic damage. When This champion has collected enough Chimes, his/her meeps will also deal damage in an area and slow enemies hit. Chimes: Ancient chimes randomly appear for This champion to collect. These grant experience, restore mana, and provide out of combat Move Speed.;COSMIC BINDING: This champion fires a missile which will slow the first enemy struck, and continue onward. If it strikes a wall, it will stun the initial target; if it strikes another enemy, it will stun them both.;CARETAKER'S SHRINE: Reveals a Health shrine which powers up over a short time, disappearing after healing and speeding up the first ally that touches it.;MAGICAL JOURNEY: This champion opens a portal in nearby terrain. Allies and enemies alike can take a one-way trip through that terrain by moving into the portal.;TEMPERED FATE: This champion sends spirit energy arcing to a location, putting all champions, minions, monsters, and turrets hit into stasis for a brief time.
Graves;MARKSMAN;NEW DESTINY: This champion' shotgun has some unique properties. He/She must reload when he/she runs out of ammo. Attacks fire 4 bullets, which cannot pass through units. Non-champions struck by multiple bullets are knocked back.;END OF THE LINE: This champion fires an explosive shell that detonates after 2 seconds, or 0.2 seconds if it strikes terrain.;SMOKE SCREEN: This champion fires a smoke canister at the target area creating a cloud of smoke that reduces sight range. Enemies caught in the initial impact are dealt magic damage and have their Move Speed reduced briefly.;QUICKDRAW: This champion dashes forward gaining an Armor boost for several seconds. If This champion dashes towards an enemy champion, gain two stacks of True Grit instead. Hitting enemies with basic attacks lowers the cooldown of this skill and refreshes the resistance boost.;COLLATERAL DAMAGE: This champion fires an explosive shell dealing heavy damage to the first champion it hits. After hitting a champion or reaching the end of its range, the shell explodes dealing damage in a cone.
Ezreal;MARKSMAN / MAGE;RISING SPELL FORCE: This champion gains increasing Attack Speed each time he/she successfully hits a spell, stacking up to 5 times.;MYSTIC SHOT: This champion fires a damaging bolt of energy which reduces all of his/her cooldowns slightly if it strikes an enemy unit.;ESSENCE FLUX: This champion fires an orb that sticks to the first champion or objective hit. If This champion hits an enemy with the orb, it detonates and deals damage.;ARCANE SHIFT: This champion teleports to a target nearby location and fires a homing bolt which strikes the nearest enemy unit. Prioritizes enemies stuck with Essence Flux.;TRUESHOT BARRAGE: This champion winds up before firing a powerful barrage of energy that deals massive damage to each unit it passes through (damage is reduced for minions and non-epic monsters).
Belveth;FIGHTER;DEATH IN LAVENDER: Bel'Veth gains permanent attack speed stacks after taking down large minions and monsters and champions. He/She also gains temporary bonus attack speed after using an ability.;VOID SURGE: Bel'Veth dashes in a chosen direction and damages all enemies he/she passes through.;ABOVE AND BELOW: Bel'Veth slams his/her tail to the ground, damaging, knocking up, and slowing his/her enemies.;ROYAL MAELSTROM: Bel'Veth roots herself in place, channeling a storm of slashes around his/her that targets the lowest-health enemy and grants his/her lifesteal and damage reduction.;ENDLESS BANQUET: Bel'Veth consumes Void coral remnants, transforming into his/her true form and increasing his/her max health, attack range, attack speed, and out-of-combat move speed. Consuming the Void coral remnants of a Void epic monster will grant his/her a longer ultimate duration, as well as the power to summon Void remora.
Corki;MARKSMAN / MAGE;HEXTECH MUNITIONS: A percentage of This champion's basic attack damage is dealt as bonus true damage.;PHOSPHORUS BOMB: This champion fires a flash bomb at a target location, dealing magic damage to enemies in the area. This attack additionally reveals units in the area for a duration.;VALKYRIE: This champion flies a short distance, dropping bombs that create a trail of fire that damages opponents who remain in it.;GATLING GUN: This champion's gatling gun rapidly fires in a cone in front of him, dealing damage and reducing enemy Armor and Magic Resist.;MISSILE BARRAGE: This champion fires a missile toward his/her target location that explodes on impact, dealing damage to enemies in an area. This champion stores missiles over time, up to a maximum. Every 3rd missile fired will be a Big One, dealing extra damage.
Hwei;MAGE / SUPPORT;SIGNATURE OF THE VISIONARY: This champion primes enemy champions he/she damages with his/her abilities for his/her signature finishing touch. Hitting an enemy with a second damaging spell completes his/her signature, leaving it beneath them. The signature detonates after a short delay, dealing magic damage to all enemies in range.;SUBJECT: DISASTER: This champion envisions a series of disasters, allowing him/her to paint a devastating blow. This ability replaces This champion's abilities with damaging abilities: Devastating Fire, Severing Bolt, and Molten Fissure.;SUBJECT: SERENITY: This champion envisions a series of serenities, allowing him/her to paint invigorating settings. This ability replaces This champion's abilities with utility abilities: Fleeting Current, Pool of Reflection, and Stirring Lights.;SUBJECT: TORMENT: This champion envisions a series of torments, allowing him/her to paint controlling visages. This ability replaces This champion's abilities with crowd control abilities: Grim Visage, Gaze of the Abyss, and Crushing Maw.;SPIRALING DESPAIR: This champion paints a vision of pure despair. The first enemy champion struck becomes the center of an expanding painting that slows and damages nearby enemies. The vision explodes after reaching its maximum size or when the champion dies.
Gwen;FIGHTER;A THOUSAND CUTS: This champion's attacks deal bonus magic damage based on the targets health. He/She heals for a portion of the damage dealt to champions by this effect.;SNIP SNIP!: This champion snips his/her scissors in a cone up to 6 times dealing magic damage. This champion deals true damage to units in the center and applies his/her passive to them on each snip.;HALLOWED MIST: This champion summons mist that protects his/her from enemies outside of it. He/She can only be targeted by enemies who enter the mist.;SKIP 'N SLASH: This champion dashes a short distance then gains Attack Speed, attack range, and magic damage On-Hit for a few seconds. If he/she hits an enemy during that time, this Ability's cooldown is partially refunded.;NEEDLEWORK: This champion hurls a needle that slows enemies hit, deals magic damage, and applies A Thousand Cuts to champions hit. This ability can be cast up to two more times, with each cast throwing additional needles and dealing more damage. This champion must hit an enemy between each cast to unlock the next one.
Fiddlesticks;MAGE / SUPPORT;A HARMLESS SCARECROW: This champion' trinket is replaced by scarecrow effigies.;TERRIFY: This champion damaging enemies with spells while unseen or targeting an enemy with Terrify's activation strikes a target unit with fear, causing it to flee in terror for a duration.;BOUNTIFUL HARVEST: This champion drains health from nearby enemies, dealing bonus execute damage at the end of the duration.;REAP: This champion slashes an area with its scythe, slowing all enemies hit and silencing enemies hit in the center of the slash.;CROWSTORM: A murder of crows flock wildly around This champion, dealing damage per second to all enemy units in the area.
Darius;FIGHTER / TANK;HEMORRHAGE: This champion' attacks and damaging abilities cause enemies to bleed for physical damage over 5 seconds, stacking up to 5 times. This champion enrages and gains massive Attack Damage when his/her target reaches max stacks.;DECIMATE: This champion winds up and swings his/her axe in a wide circle. Enemies struck by the blade take more damage than those struck by the handle. This champion heals based on enemy champions and large monsters hit by the blade.;CRIPPLING STRIKE: This champion's next attack strikes an enemy's crucial artery. As they bleed out, their Move Speed is slowed.;APPREHEND: This champion hones his/her axe, passively causing his/her physical damage to ignore a percentage of his/her target's Armor. When activated, This champion sweeps up his/her enemies with his/her axe's hook and pulls them to him.;NOXIAN GUILLOTINE: This champion leaps to an enemy champion and strikes a lethal blow, dealing true damage. This damage is increased for each stack of Hemorrhage on the target. If Noxian Guillotine is a killing blow, its cooldown is refreshed for a brief duration.
Blitzcrank;TANK / SUPPORT;MANA BARRIER: This champion gains a shield based on their mana when dropping to low health.;ROCKET GRAB: This champion fires their right hand to grab an opponent on its path, dealing damage and dragging it back to them.;OVERDRIVE: This champion super charges themself to get dramatically increased Move and Attack Speed. They are temporarily slowed after the effect ends.;POWER FIST: This champion charges up their fist to make the next attack deal double damage and pop their target up in the air.;STATIC FIELD: Enemies attacked by This champion are marked and take lightning damage after 1 second. Additionally, This champion can activate this ability to remove nearby enemies' shields, damage them, and silence them briefly.
Illaoi;FIGHTER / TANK;PROPHET OF AN ELDER GOD: This champion and the Vessels he/she creates spawn Tentacles on nearby impassible terrain. Tentacles swing at spirits, Vessels, and victims of This champion's Harsh lesson. Tentacles deal physical damage to enemies hit, and will heal This champion if they damage a champion.;TENTACLE SMASH: Increases the damage dealt by Tentacles. When activated, This champion smashes down a Tentacle that deals physical damage.;HARSH LESSON: This champion leaps to his/her target, dealing physical damage and causing nearby Tentacles to also swing at the target.;TEST OF SPIRIT: This champion rips the spirit from a foe's body, forcing it to stand before her. Spirits echo a percentage of the damage they take to the original target. If killed, or if the target gets too far from the spirit, the target will become a Vessel and begin spawning Tentacles.;LEAP OF FAITH: This champion smashes his/her idol into the ground, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies. A Tentacle spawns for each enemy champion hit.
Hecarim;FIGHTER / TANK;WARPATH: This champion gains Attack Damage equal to a percentage of his/her bonus Move Speed.;RAMPAGE: This champion cleaves nearby enemies dealing physical damage. If This champion damages at least one enemy, he/she increases the damage and lowers the cooldown of subsequent Rampages.;SPIRIT OF DREAD: This champion gains Armor and Magic Resist. This champion deals magic damage to nearby enemies, and gains Health equal to a percentage of any damage those enemies suffer.;DEVASTATING CHARGE: This champion gains increasing Move Speed and can move through units for a short duration. His/Her next attack knocks the target back and deals additional physical damage based on the distance he/she has traveled since activating the ability.;ONSLAUGHT OF SHADOWS: This champion summons spectral riders and charges forward, dealing magic damage in a line. This champion creates a shockwave when he/she finishes his/her charge, causing nearby enemies to flee in terror.
Fiora;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;DUELIST'S DANCE: This champion has revealed a Vital on this Champion. If he/she hits the Vital, he/she restores Health and gains Move Speed.;LUNGE: This champion lunges in a direction and stabs a nearby enemy, dealing physical damage and applying on-hit effects.;RIPOSTE: This champion parries all incoming damage and disables for a short time, then stabs in a direction. This stab slows the first enemy champion hit, or stuns them if This champion blocked an immobilizing effect with this ability.;BLADEWORK: This champion has increased attack speed for the next two attacks. The first attack slows the target, and the second attack will critically strike.;GRAND CHALLENGE: This champion reveals all four Vitals on an enemy champion and gains Move Speed while near them. If This champion hits all four Vitals or if the target dies after he/she has hit at least one, This champion and his/her allies in the area are healed over the next few seconds.
Diana;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;MOONSILVER BLADE: Every third strike cleaves nearby enemies for an additional magic damage. After casting a spell, This champion gains Attack Speed for 5 seconds.;CRESCENT STRIKE: Unleashes a bolt of lunar energy in an arc dealing magic damage. Afflicts enemies struck with Moonlight, revealing them if they are not stealthed for 3 seconds.;PALE CASCADE: This champion creates three orbiting spheres that detonate on contact with enemies to deal damage in an area. He/She also gains a temporary shield that absorbs damage. If his/her third sphere detonates, the shield gains additional strength.;LUNAR RUSH: Becomes the living embodiment of the vengeful moon, dashing to an enemy and dealing magic damage. Lunar Rush has no cooldown when used to dash to an enemy afflicted with Moonlight. All other enemies will have the Moonlight debuff removed regardless of whether they were the target of Lunar Rush.;MOONFALL: This champion reveals and draws in all nearby enemies and slows them. If This champion pulls in one or more enemy champions, the moonlight crashes down onto his/her after a short delay, dealing magic damage in an area around her, increased for each target beyond the first pulled.
Brand;MAGE / SUPPORT;BLAZE: This champion's spells light his/her targets ablaze, dealing damage over 4 seconds, stacking up to 3 times. If This champion kills an enemy while it is ablaze he/she regains mana. When Blaze reaches max stacks on a Champion or large monster, it becomes unstable. It detonates in 2 seconds, applying spell effects and dealing massive damage in an area around the victim.;SEAR: This champion launches a ball of fire forward that deals magic damage. If the target is ablaze, Sear will stun the target for 1.5 seconds.;PILLAR OF FLAME: After a short delay, This champion creates a Pillar of Flame at a target area, dealing magic damage to enemy units within the area. Units that are ablaze take an additional 25% damage.;CONFLAGRATION: This champion conjures a powerful blast at his/her target that spreads to nearby enemies, dealing magic damage. If the target is ablaze, Conflagration's spread is doubled.;PYROCLASM: This champion unleashes a devastating torrent of fire that bounces up to 5 times off of This champion and nearby enemies, dealing magic damage to enemies each time bounce. Bounces prioritize stacking Blaze to max on Champions. If a target is ablaze, Pyroclasm will briefly slow them.
Irelia;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;IONIAN FERVOR: When This champion strikes enemies with spells he/she gains stacking bonus Attack Speed. At maximum stacks he/she also gains bonus damage on hit.;BLADESURGE: This champion dashes forward to strike his/her target, healing herself. If the target is Marked or dies to Bladesurge, its cooldown refreshes.;DEFIANT DANCE: This champion charges a strike that deals more damage as he/she charges. He/She takes reduced physical damage during the charge.;FLAWLESS DUET: This champion sends out two blades which converge on each other. Enemies caught in between are damaged, stunned and Marked.;VANGUARD'S EDGE: This champion fires a massive number of blades that explode outward upon hitting an enemy champion. Enemies hit by the blades are damaged and Marked. Afterwards the blades form a wall that will damage and slow enemies that walk through it.
Heimerdinger;MAGE / SUPPORT;HEXTECH AFFINITY: Gain Move Speed while near allied towers and turrets deployed by This champion.;H-28 G EVOLUTION TURRET: This champion lays down a rapid-fire cannon turret equipped with a secondary pass-through beam attack (turrets deal half damage to towers).;HEXTECH MICRO-ROCKETS: This champion fires long-range rockets that converge on his/her cursor.;CH-2 ELECTRON STORM GRENADE: This champion lobs a grenade at a location, dealing damage to enemy units, as well as stunning anyone directly hit and slowing surrounding units.;UPGRADE!!!: This champion invents an upgrade, causing his/her next spell to have increased effects.
Fizz;ASSASSIN / FIGHTER;NIMBLE FIGHTER: This champion can move through units and takes a flat amount of reduced damage from all sources;URCHIN STRIKE: This champion dashes through his/her target, dealing magic damage and applying on hit effects.;SEASTONE TRIDENT: This champion's attacks bleed his/her enemies, dealing magic damage over several seconds. This champion can empower his/her next attack to deal bonus damage and empower his/her further attacks for a short time.;PLAYFUL / TRICKSTER: This champion hops into the air, landing gracefully upon his/her spear and becoming untargetable. From this position, This champion can either slam the ground or choose to jump again before smashing back down.;CHUM THE WATERS: This champion tosses a fish in a direction that attaches to any champion that touches it, slowing the target. After a short delay, a shark erupts from the ground, knocking up the target and knocking any nearby enemies aside. All enemies hit are dealt magic damage and slowed.
Jinx;MARKSMAN;GET EXCITED!: This champion receives massively increased Move Speed and Attack Speed whenever he/she helps kill or destroy an enemy champions epic jungle monster, or structure.;SWITCHEROO!: This champion modifies his/her basic attacks by swapping between Pow-Pow, his/her minigun and Fishbones, his/her rocket launcher. Attacks with Pow-Pow grant Attack Speed, while attacks with Fishbones deal area of effect damage, gain increased range, but drain Mana and attack slower.;ZAP!: This champion uses Zapper, his/her shock pistol, to fire a blast that deals damage to the first enemy hit, slowing and revealing it.;FLAME CHOMPERS!: This champion throws out a line of snare grenades that explode after 5 seconds, lighting enemies on fire. Flame Chompers will bite enemy champions who walk over them, rooting them in place.;SUPER MEGA DEATH ROCKET!: This champion fires a super rocket across the map that gains damage as it travels. The rocket will explode upon colliding with an enemy champion, dealing damage to it and surrounding enemies based on their missing Health.
Kayn;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;THE DARKIN SCYTHE: This champion wields an ancient weapon and fights Rhaast, the darkin within it, for control. Either the Darkin will triumph, or This champion will master Rhaast and become the Shadow Assassin. Darkin: Heal for a percentage of spell damage dealt to champions. Shadow Assassin: For the first few seconds in combat with enemy champions, deal bonus damage.;REAPING SLASH: This champion dashes, then slashes. Both deal damage.;BLADE'S REACH: This champion damages and slows targets in a line.;SHADOW STEP: This champion can walk through terrain.;UMBRAL TRESPASS: This champion hides in an enemy's body, dealing massive damage when he/she bursts out.
Ivern;SUPPORT / MAGE;FRIEND OF THE FOREST: This champion cannot attack or be attacked by non-epic monsters. This champion can create magical groves on jungle camps which grow over time. When the grove is fully grown, This champion may free the monsters to receive gold and experience.;ROOTCALLER: This champion conjures a vine, dealing damage and rooting enemy targets hit. This champion's allies can dash to the rooted target.;BRUSHMAKER: In brush, This champion and his/her nearby allies attacks deal bonus magic damage. This champion can activate this ability to create a patch of brush.;TRIGGERSEED: This champion places a shield on an ally which explodes after a short duration slowing and damaging enemies. The shield refreshes if it hits no enemies.;DAISY!: This champion summons his/her Sentinel friend Daisy to fight with him. Re-cast command Daisy to attack or move.
Lillia;FIGHTER / MAGE;DREAM-LADEN BOUGH: Hitting a champion or monster with a skill will deal additional max Health damage over time.;BLOOMING BLOWS: Passively, This champion gains stacking Move Speed when hitting enemies with spells. He/She can activate this to deal magic damage to nearby enemies, dealing extra true damage on the edge.;WATCH OUT! EEP!: This champion deals damage in a nearby area, dealing heavy damage in the center.;SWIRLSEED: This champion hurls a seed that damages and slows those it lands on. If it doesn't hit anything, it will continue rolling until it hits a wall or target.;LILTING LULLABY: This champion causes all enemies with Dream Dust on them to become Drowsy before falling asleep. Those enemies will take extra damage on being forcibly woken up.
Mel;MAGE / SUPPORT;SEARING BRILLIANCE: Whenever This champion uses an ability, he/she gains three bonus projectiles (up to nine maximum) on his/her next attack. When This champion deals damage through an ability or attack, he/she applies Overwhelm, which can stack infinitely. If the enemy is hit by This champion with enough Overwhelm damage, the stacks are consumed to execute the target.;RADIANT VOLLEY: This champion fires a barrage of projectiles that explode around a target location, dealing damage repeatedly to enemies within the area.;REBUTTAL: This champion forms a barrier around herself that reflects enemy projectiles back at the attacker, prevents his/her from taking damage, and grants his/her movement speed.;SOLAR SNARE: This champion fires a radiant orb forward, rooting those at its center while the area around it slows enemies and deals damage over time.;GOLDEN ECLIPSE: This champion strikes all enemies marked with Overwhelm regardless of their distance from her, dealing additional damage for each stack of Overwhelm. Ranks of Golden Eclipse increase Overwhelm's damage.
Ksante;TANK / FIGHTER;DAUNTLESS INSTINCT: K'Sante's Abilities mark targets to take more damage on his/her next Attack. When All Out, K'Sante deals more damage with all Attacks and Abilities.;NTOFO STRIKES: K'Sante strikes, damaging and slowing enemies in a short line. On hit, grants a stack of Ntofo Strikes. At 2 stacks, K'Sante fires a shockwave that pulls enemies in. When All Out, cooldown is reduced.;PATH MAKER: K'Sante charges up, taking reduced damage, then dashes, knocking back and stunning enemies. When All Out, deals increased damage and no longer knocks back or stuns.;FOOTWORK: K'Sante dashes and gains a shield. If targeting an ally, K'Sante dashes to the ally with increased range and both gain a shield. When All Out, cooldown is reduced and speed is increased.;ALL OUT: K'Sante knocks an enemy back, launching them through any wall in their path. Then, K'Sante goes All Out and dashes after them, gaining increased damage, healing, and transformed abilities at the cost of reduced defenses.
Janna;SUPPORT / MAGE;TAILWIND: This champion's allies gain Move Speed moving towards her. This champion deals a portion of bonus Move Speed as bonus magic damage on hit and with Zephyr.;HOWLING GALE: By creating a localized change in pressure and temperature, This champion is able to create a small storm that grows in size with time. He/She can activate the spell again to release the storm. On release this storm will fly towards the direction it was cast in, dealing damage and knocking away any enemies in its path.;ZEPHYR: This champion summons an air elemental that passively increases his/her Move Speed and enables his/her to pass through units. He/She may also activate this ability to deal damage and slow an enemy's Move Speed.;EYE OF THE STORM: This champion conjures a defensive gale that shields an ally champion or turret from incoming damage and increases their Attack Damage.;MONSOON: This champion surrounds herself in a magical storm, throwing enemies back. After the storm has settled, soothing winds heal nearby allies while the ability is active.
Kennen;MAGE;MARK OF THE STORM: This champion stuns enemies he/she hits 3 times with his/her abilities.;THUNDERING SHURIKEN: This champion throws a fast moving shuriken towards a location, causing damage and adding a Mark of the Storm to any opponent that it hits.;ELECTRICAL SURGE: This champion passively deals extra damage and adds a Mark of the Storm to his/her target every few attacks, and he/she can activate this ability to damage and add another Mark of the Storm to targets who are already marked.;LIGHTNING RUSH: This champion morphs into a lightning form, enabling him/her to pass through units and apply a Mark of the Storm. This champion gains Move Speed when entering this form, and attack speed when leaving it.;SLICING MAELSTROM: This champion summons a storm that strikes at nearby enemy champions for magical damage.
Lissandra;MAGE;ICEBORN SUBJUGATION: When an enemy champion dies near This champion they become a Frozen Thrall. Frozen Thralls slow nearby enemies and then, after a delay, shatter from the intense cold, dealing magic damage to nearby targets.;ICE SHARD: Throws a spear of ice that shatters when it hits an enemy, dealing magic damage and slowing Move Speed. Shards pass through the target, dealing the same damage to other enemies hit.;RING OF FROST: Freezes nearby enemies in ice, dealing magic damage and rooting them.;GLACIAL PATH: This champion creates an ice claw that deals magic damage. Reactivating this ability transports This champion to the claw's current location.;FROZEN TOMB: If cast on an enemy champion, the target is frozen solid, stunning it. If cast on This champion, he/she encases herself in dark ice, healing herself while becoming untargetable and invulnerable. Dark ice then emanates from the target dealing magic damage to enemies and slowing Move Speed.
Milio;SUPPORT / MAGE;FIRED UP!: This champion's abilities enchant allies on touch, making their next damage deal a burst of extra damage and burn the target.;ULTRA MEGA FIRE KICK: Kick a ball that knocks back an enemy. The ball launches upward on hit and falls toward the enemy, damaging and slowing enemies in the area upon impact.;COZY CAMPFIRE: Create an empowering zone that heals allies and increases attack range to those inside. The zone follows the ally nearest to the cast point.;WARM HUGS: This champion tosses a shield to an ally, temporarily increasing their movement speed. This ability has 2 charges.;BREATH OF LIFE: This champion unleashes a wave of soothing flames that heal and remove crowd control effects from allies in range.
Kaisa;MARKSMAN / MAGE;SECOND SKIN: Kai'Sa's basic attacks stack Plasma, dealing increasing bonus magic damage. Allies' immobilizing effects help stack Plasma. Additionally, Kai'Sa's item purchases upgrade his/her basic spells to have more powerful properties.;ICATHIAN RAIN: Kai'Sa shoots a swarm of missiles that seek out nearby targets. Living Weapon: Icathian Rain is upgraded to shoot more missiles.;VOID SEEKER: Kai'Sa shoots a long range missile, marking enemies with his/her passive. Living Weapon: Void Seeker is upgraded to apply more passive marks and reduce cooldown on champion hit.;SUPERCHARGE: Kai'Sa briefly increases his/her Move Speed, then increases his/her Attack Speed. Living Weapon: Supercharge is upgraded to briefly grant Invisibility.;KILLER INSTINCT: Kai'Sa dashes near an enemy champion.
Jarvan IV;FIGHTER / TANK;MARTIAL CADENCE: This champion's first basic attack on an enemy deals bonus physical damage based on their current Health. This effect cannot occur again on the same enemy for a few seconds.;DRAGON STRIKE: This champion extends his/her lance, dealing physical damage and lowering the Armor of enemies in its path. Additionally, this will pull This champion to his/her Demacian Standard, knocking up enemies in his/her path.;GOLDEN AEGIS: This champion calls upon the ancient kings of Demacia to shield him/her from harm and slow surrounding enemies.;DEMACIAN STANDARD: This champion carries the pride of Demacia, passively granting him/her bonus Attack Speed. Activating Demacian Standard allows this champion to place a Demacian flag that deals magic damage on impact and grants Attack Speed to nearby allied champions.;CATACLYSM: This champion heroically leaps into battle at a target with such force that he/she terraforms the surrounding area to create an arena around them. Nearby enemies are damaged at the moment of impact.
Kha'zix;ASSASSIN;UNSEEN THREAT: Nearby enemies that are Isolated from their allies are marked. This champion's abilities have interactions with Isolated targets. When this champion is not visible to the enemy team, he/she gains Unseen Threat, causing his/her next basic attack against an enemy champion to deal bonus magic damage and slow them for a few seconds.;TASTE THEIR FEAR: Deals physical damage to the target. Damage increased on Isolated targets. If he/she chooses to Evolve Reaper Claws, this refunds a percent of it's cooldown against Isolated targets. This champion also gains increased range on his/her basic attacks and Taste Their Fear.;VOID SPIKE: This champion fires exploding spikes that deal physical damage to enemies hit. This champion is healed if he/she is also within the explosion radius. If he/she chooses to Evolve Spike Racks, Void Spike now fires three spikes in a cone, slow enemies hit, and reveals enemy champions hit for 2 seconds. Isolated targets are slowed for extra.;LEAP: This champion leaps to an area, dealing physical damage upon landing. If he/she chooses to Evolve Wings, Leap's range increases by 200 and the cooldown resets on champion kill or assist.;VOID ASSAULT: Each rank allows This champion to evolve one of his/her abilities, giving it a unique additional effect. When activated, This champion becomes Invisible, triggering Unseen Threat and increasing Move Speed. If he/she chooses to Evolve Adaptive Cloaking, Void Assault gains increased Invisibility duration, and an additional use.
Lucian;MARKSMAN / ASSASSIN;LIGHTSLINGER: Whenever This champion uses an ability, his/her next attack becomes a double-shot. When This champion is healed or shielded by an ally, or when a nearby enemy Champion is immobilized, his/her next 2 basic attacks will deal bonus magic damage.;PIERCING LIGHT: This champion shoots a bolt of piercing light through a target.;ARDENT BLAZE: This champion shoots a missile that explodes in a star shape, marking and briefly revealing enemies. This champion gains Move Speed for attacking marked enemies.;RELENTLESS PURSUIT: This champion quickly dashes a short distance. Lightslinger attacks reduce Relentless Pursuit's cooldown.;THE CULLING: This champion unleashes a torrent of shots from his/her weapons.
Missfortune;MARKSMAN / MAGE;LOVE TAP: Miss Fortune deals bonus physical damage whenever he/she basic attacks a new target.;DOUBLE UP: Miss Fortune fires a bullet at an enemy, damaging them and a target behind them. Both strikes can also apply Love Tap.;STRUT: Miss Fortune passively gains Move Speed when not attacked. This ability can be activated to grant bonus Attack Speed for a short duration. While it's on cooldown, Love Taps reduce the remaining cooldown of Strut.;MAKE IT RAIN: Miss Fortune reveals an area with a flurry of bullets, dealing waves of damage to opponents and slowing them.;BULLET TIME: Miss Fortune channels a barrage of bullets into a cone in front of her, dealing large amounts of damage to enemies. Each wave of Bullet Time can critically strike
Kalista;MARKSMAN;MARTIAL POISE: Enter a movement command while winding up This champion's basic attack or Pierce to lunge a short distance when he/she launches his/her attack.;PIERCE: Throw a fast moving spear that passes through enemies it kills.;SENTINEL: Gain bonus damage when This champion and his/her Oathsworn strike the same target. Activate to send a soul to scout out the path, revealing the area in front of it.;REND: Attacks impale their targets with spears. Activate to rip the spears out, slowing and dealing escalating damage.;FATE'S CALL: This champion teleports the Oathsworn ally to herself. They gain the ability to dash toward a position, knocking enemy champions back.
Jax;FIGHTER;RELENTLESS ASSAULT: This champion's consecutive basic attacks continuously increase his/her Attack Speed.;LEAP STRIKE: This champion leaps toward a unit. If they are an enemy, he/she strikes them with his/her weapon.;EMPOWER: This champion charges his/her weapon with energy, causing his/her next attack to deal additional damage.;COUNTER STRIKE: This champion's combat prowess allows him/her to dodge all incoming attacks for a short duration and then quickly counterattack, stunning all surrounding enemies.;GRANDMASTER-AT-ARMS: Every third consecutive attack deals additional Magic Damage. Additionally, This champion can activate this ability to deal damage around himself and strengthen his/her resolve, increasing his/her Armor and Magic Resist for a short duration.
Kindred;MARKSMAN;MARK OF THE KINDRED: This champion can mark targets to Hunt. Successfully completing a Hunt permanently empowers This champion's basic abilities. Every 4 hunts completed also increases This champion's basic attack range.;DANCE OF ARROWS: This champion tumbles and shoots up to three arrows at nearby targets.;WOLF'S FRENZY: Wolf enrages and attacks enemies around him. Lamb passively gains stacks by moving and attacking. When fully charged, Lamb's next attack restores health.;MOUNTING DREAD: Lamb fires a carefully placed shot, slowing the target. If Lamb attacks the target two more times, his/her third attack instead directs Wolf to pounce on the enemy, savaging them for massive damage.;LAMB'S RESPITE: Lamb grants all living things inside a zone a respite from death. Until the effect ends, nothing can die. At the end, units are healed.
Lulu;SUPPORT / MAGE;PIX, FAERIE COMPANION: Pix fires magical bolts of energy whenever the champion he's following attacks another enemy unit. These bolts are homing, but can be intercepted by other units.;GLITTERLANCE: Pix and This champion each fire a bolt of magical energy that damages and heavily slows all enemies it hits.;WHIMSY: If cast on an ally, grants them Attack Speed and Move Speed for a short time. If cast on an enemy, turns them into an adorable critter that can't attack or cast spells.;HELP, PIX!: If cast on an ally, commands Pix to jump to an ally and shield them. He/She then follows them and aids their attacks. If cast on an enemy, commands Pix to jump to an enemy and damage them. He/She then follows them and grants you vision of that enemy.;WILD GROWTH: This champion enlarges an ally, knocking nearby enemies into the air and granting the ally a large amount of bonus health. For the next few seconds, that ally gains an aura that slows nearby enemies.
Mordekaiser;FIGHTER / MAGE;DARKNESS RISE: This champion gains a powerful damage aura and Move Speed after landing 3 attacks or spells against champions or monsters.;OBLITERATE: This champion smashes the ground with his/her mace dealing damage to each enemy struck. Damage is increased when hitting a single enemy.;INDESTRUCTIBLE: This champion stores damage he/she deals and takes to create a shield. He/She may consume the shield to heal.;DEATH'S GRASP: This champion pulls all enemies in an area.;REALM OF DEATH: This champion drags his/her victim to a different dimension with him/her and steals a portion of their stats. If he/she kills them, he/she keeps the stats until the victim respawns.
Karma;MAGE / SUPPORT;GATHERING FIRE: This champion's damaging abilities will reduce the cooldown of Mantra.;INNER FLAME: This champion sends forth a ball of spirit energy that explodes and deals damage upon hitting an enemy unit. Mantra Bonus: In addition to the explosion, Mantra increases the destructive power of his/her Inner Flame, creating a cataclysm which deals damage after a short delay.;FOCUSED RESOLVE: This champion creates a tether between herself and a targeted enemy, dealing damage and revealing them. If the tether is not broken, the enemy will be rooted and damaged again. Mantra Bonus: This champion strengthens the link, healing herself and extending the root duration.;INSPIRE: This champion summons a protective shield that absorbs incoming damage and increases the Move Speed of the protected ally. Mantra Bonus: Energy radiates out from his/her target, strengthening the initial shield and applying Inspire to nearby allied champions.;MANTRA: This champion empowers his/her next ability to do an additional effect. Mantra is available at level 1 and does not require a skill point.
Jayce;MARKSMAN / FIGHTER;HEXTECH CAPACITOR: When This champion swaps weapons he/she gains Move Speed for a short duration.;TO THE SKIES! / SHOCK BLAST: Hammer Stance: Leaps to an enemy dealing physical damage and slowing enemies. Cannon Stance: Fires an orb of electricity that detonates upon hitting an enemy (or reaching the end of its path) dealing physical damage to all enemies hit.;LIGHTNING FIELD / HYPER CHARGE: Hammer Stance: Passive: Restores Mana per strike. Active: Creates a field of lightning damaging nearby enemies for several seconds. Cannon Stance: Gains a burst of energy, increasing Attack Speed to maximum for several attacks.;THUNDERING BLOW / ACCELERATION GATE: Hammer Stance: Deals magic damage to an enemy and knocks them back a short distance. Cannon Stance: Deploys an Acceleration Gate increasing the Move Speed of all allied champions who pass through it. If Shock Blast is fired through the gate the missile speed, range, and damage will increase.;MERCURY CANNON / MERCURY HAMMER: Hammer Stance: Transforms the Mercury Hammer into the Mercury Cannon gaining new abilities and increased range. The first attack in this form reduces the target's Armor and Magic Resist. Cannon Stance: Transforms the Mercury Cannon into the Mercury Hammer gaining new abilities and increasing Armor and Magic Resist. The first attack in this form deals additional magic damage.
Kled;FIGHTER;SKAARL, THE COWARDLY LIZARD: This champion rides his/her trusty steed, Skaarl, who takes damage for him. When Skaarl's health depletes, This champion dismounts. While dismounted, This champion's abilities change and he/she deals less damage to champions. This champion can restore Skaarl's courage by fighting enemies. At maximum courage, This champion remounts with a portion of Skaarl's health.;BEAR TRAP ON A ROPE: This champion throws a bear trap that damages and hooks an enemy champion. If shackled for a short duration, the target takes additional physical damage and is yanked toward This champion. When dismounted, this ability is replaced by Pocket Pistol, a ranged gun blast that knocks back This champion and restores courage.;VIOLENT TENDENCIES: This champion gains massive attack speed for four attacks. The fourth attack deals more damage.;JOUSTING: This champion dashes, dealing physical damage and gaining a short burst of speed. This champion can cast this ability again to dash back through his/her initial target, dealing the same damage.;CHAAAAAAAARGE!!!: This champion and Skaarl charge to a location, leaving a speed-granting trail behind them and gaining a shield. Skaarl locks onto and rams the first enemy champion encountered.
Lux;MAGE / SUPPORT;ILLUMINATION: This champion's damaging spells charge the target with energy for a few seconds. This champion's next attack ignites the energy, dealing bonus magic damage (depending on This champion's level) to the target.;LIGHT BINDING: This champion releases a sphere of light that binds and deals damage to up to two enemy units.;PRISMATIC BARRIER: This champion throws his/her wand and bends the light around any friendly target it touches, protecting them from enemy damage.;LUCENT SINGULARITY: Fires an anomaly of twisted light to an area, which slows nearby enemies. This champion can detonate it to damage enemies in the area of effect.;FINAL SPARK: After gathering energy, This champion fires a beam of light that deals damage to all targets in the area. In addition, triggers This champion's passive ability and refreshes the Illumination debuff duration.
Morgana;MAGE / SUPPORT;SOUL SIPHON: This champion drains spirit from his/her enemies, healing as he/she deals damage to champions, large minions, and medium and larger jungler monsters.;DARK BINDING: This champion binds an enemy in place with dark magic, forcing them to feel the pain they've caused and dealing magic damage.;TORMENTED SHADOW: This champion casts a cursed shadow on an area, damaging enemies who dare stand in his/her dark circle. They receive magic damage over time, which increases the lower health they are.;BLACK SHIELD: This champion anoints an ally with a protective barrier of starfire, which absorbs magical damage and disabling effects until it is broken.;SOUL SHACKLES: This champion unleashes the full force of his/her Celestial power as he/she unbinds his/her wings and hovers above the ground. He/She lashes chains of dark pain onto nearby enemy champions, gaining Move Speed. The chains slow and deal initial damage and, after a delay, stun those who are unable to break them.
Karthus;MAGE;DEATH DEFIED: Upon dying, This champion enters a spirit form that allows him/her to continue casting spells.;LAY WASTE: This champion unleashes a delayed blast at a location, dealing damage to nearby enemies. Deals increased damage to isolated enemies.;WALL OF PAIN: This champion creates a passable screen of leeching energy. Any enemy units that walk through the screen have their Move Speed and Magic Resist reduced for a period.;DEFILE: This champion passively steals energy from his/her victims, gaining Mana on each kill. Alternatively, This champion can surround himself in the souls of his/her prey, dealing damage to nearby enemies, but quickly draining his/her own Mana.;REQUIEM: After channeling for 3 seconds, This champion deals damage to all enemy champions.
Kogmaw;MARKSMAN / MAGE;ICATHIAN SURPRISE: 4 seconds after dying, This champion explodes, dealing true damage to surrounding enemies.;CAUSTIC SPITTLE: Kog'Maw launches a corrosive projectile which deals magic damage and corrodes the target's armor and magic resist for a short time. Kog'Maw also gains additional attack speed.;BIO-ARCANE BARRAGE: Kog'Maw's attacks gain range and deal a percent of the target's maximum health as magic damage.;VOID OOZE: Kog'Maw launches a peculiar ooze which damages all enemies it passes through and leaves a trail which slows enemies who stand on it.;LIVING ARTILLERY: Kog'Maw fires an artillery shell at a great distance dealing magic damage (increased significantly on low health enemies) and revealing non-stealthed targets. Additionally, multiple Living Artilleries in a short period of time cause them to cost additional Mana.
Jhin;MARKSMAN / MAGE;WHISPER: This champion's hand cannon, Whisper, is a precise instrument designed to deal superior damage. It fires at a fixed rate and carries only four shots. This champion imbues the final bullet with dark magics to critically strike and deal bonus execute damage. Whenever Whisper crits, it inspires This champion with a burst of Move Speed.;DANCING GRENADE: This champion launches a magical cartridge at an enemy. It can hit up to four targets and gains damage each time it kills.;DEADLY FLOURISH: This champion brandishes his/her cane, firing a single shot with incredible range. It pierces through minions and monsters, but stops on the first champion hit. If the target was recently struck by This champion's allies, lotus traps, or damaged by This champion, they are rooted.;CAPTIVE AUDIENCE: This champion places an invisible lotus trap that blooms when walked over. It slows nearby enemies before dealing damage with an explosion of serrated petals. Beauty in Death - When This champion kills an enemy champion, a lotus trap will bloom near their corpse.;CURTAIN CALL: This champion channels, transforming Whisper into a shoulder-mounted mega-cannon. It is able to fire 4 super shots at extreme range that pierce through minions and monsters, but stop on the first champion impacted. Whisper cripples enemies hit, which slows them and deals execute damage. The 4th shot is perfectly crafted, epically powerful, and guaranteed to critically strike.
Malphite;TANK / MAGE;GRANITE SHIELD: This champion is shielded by a layer of rock which absorbs damage up to 10% of his/her maximum Health. If This champion has not been hit for a few seconds, this effect recharges.;SEISMIC SHARD: This champion sends a shard of the earth through the ground at his/her foe, dealing damage upon impact and stealing Move Speed for 3 seconds.;THUNDERCLAP: This champion attacks with such force that it creates a sonic boom. For the next few seconds, his/her attacks create aftershocks in front of him.;GROUND SLAM: This champion slams the ground, sending out a shockwave that deals magic damage based on his/her Armor and reduces the Attack Speed of enemies for a short duration.;UNSTOPPABLE FORCE: This champion launches himself to a location at high speed, damaging enemies and knocking them into the air.
Naafiri;ASSASSIN / FIGHTER;WE ARE MORE: This champion spawns packmates that attack the targets of his/her attacks and abilities.;DARKIN DAGGERS: This champion hurls up to two daggers, each inflicting bleed, or each inflicting bonus damage if the target is already bleeding. Packmates leap to attack champions hit by this skill.;HOUNDS' PURSUIT: This champion and his/her packmates dash at an enemy, colliding with the first champion hit and dealing damage.;EVISCERATE: This champion dashes and damages enemies in an area around her, recalling his/her packmates and fully healing them.;THE CALL OF THE PACK: This champion empowers his/her pack and spawns additional packmates, instantly receiving a burst of speed and vision and gaining a shield the first time he/she hits another champion. After killing another champion for the first time, all effects are refreshed.
Kassadin;ASSASSIN / MAGE;VOID STONE: This champion takes reduced magic damage and ignores unit collision.;NULL SPHERE: This champion fires an orb of void energy at a target, dealing damage and interrupting channels. The excess energy forms around himself, granting a temporary shield that absorbs magic damage.;NETHER BLADE: Passive: This champion's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage. Active: This champion's next basic attack deals significant bonus magic damage and restores Mana.;FORCE PULSE: This champion draws energy from spells cast in his/her vicinity. Upon charging up, This champion can use Force Pulse to damage and slow enemies in a cone in front of him.;RIFTWALK: This champion teleports to a nearby location dealing damage to nearby enemy units. Multiple Riftwalks in a short period of time cost additional Mana but also deal additional damage.
Neeko;MAGE / SUPPORT;INHERENT GLAMOUR: This champion can look like an ally champion. Taking damage from enemy Champions or casting damaging spells breaks the disguise.;BLOOMING BURST: This champion throws a seed dealing magic damage. The seed blooms again on hitting champions or killing units.;SHAPESPLITTER: This champion passively deals bonus magic damage every third attack. This champion can activate to send a clone in a direction.;TANGLE-BARBS: This champion slings a tangle that damage and root everything it passes through. If the tangle kills an enemy or passes through a champion, it becomes larger, faster, and roots for longer.;POP BLOSSOM: After a short preparation, This champion leaps into the air. Upon landing, nearby enemies are damaged and knocked up. The preparation is hidden if This champion is disguised.
Leblanc;ASSASSIN / MAGE;MIRROR IMAGE: When LeBlanc drops below 40% Health, he/she becomes invisible for 1 second and creates a Mirror Image that deals no damage and lasts for up to 8 seconds.;SIGIL OF MALICE: LeBlanc projects a sigil, dealing damage and marking the target for 3.5 seconds. Damaging the marked target with an ability detonates the sigil, dealing additional damage. If either part kills the target, This champion refunds the Mana cost and part of this spell's remaining Cooldown.;DISTORTION: LeBlanc dashes to a location, dealing damage to enemies near his/her destination. For the next 4 seconds, activate Distortion again to return LeBlanc to his/her starting location.;ETHEREAL CHAINS: LeBlanc launches a chain that shackles the first enemy hit. If the target remains shackled for 1.5 seconds, LeBlanc roots them and deals additional damage.;MIMIC: LeBlanc casts a mimicked version of one of his/her basic spells.
Malzahar;MAGE;VOID SHIFT: When he/she hasn't recently taken damage or been crowd controlled, This champion gains massive damage reduction and crowd control immunity, lingering for a short period after taking damage.;CALL OF THE VOID: This champion opens up two portals to the Void. After a short delay, they fire projectiles that deal Magic Damage and silence enemy champions.;VOID SWARM: This champion summons Voidlings to attack nearby enemies.;MALEFIC VISIONS: This champion infects his/her target's mind with cruel visions of their demise, dealing damage over time. Using This champion's other spells on the target will refresh the visions. If the target dies while afflicted by the visions, they pass on to a nearby enemy unit and This champion gains Mana. This champion's Voidlings are attracted to affected units.;NETHER GRASP: This champion channels the essence of the Void to suppress an enemy champion over a zone of damaging negative energy.
Nami;SUPPORT / MAGE;SURGING TIDES: When This champion's Abilities hit allied champions they gain Move Speed for a short duration.;AQUA PRISON: Sends a bubble to a target area, dealing damage and stunning all enemies on impact.;EBB AND FLOW: Unleashes a stream of water that bounces back and forth between allied and enemy champions, healing allies and damaging enemies.;TIDECALLER'S BLESSING: Empowers an allied champion for a short duration. The ally's basic attacks and spells deal bonus magic damage and slow the target.;TIDAL WAVE: Summons a massive Tidal Wave that knocks up, slows, and damages enemies. Allies hit gain double the effect of Surging Tides.
Katarina;ASSASSIN / MAGE;VORACITY: Whenever an enemy champion dies that This champion has damaged recently, his/her remaining ability cooldowns are dramatically reduced. If This champion picks up a Dagger, he/she uses it to slash through all nearby enemies, dealing magic damage.;BOUNCING BLADE: This champion throws a Dagger at the target that then bounces to nearby enemies before ricocheting onto the ground.;PREPARATION: This champion gains a burst of Move Speed, tossing a Dagger into the air directly above herself.;SHUNPO: This champion blinks to the target, striking it if its an enemy, or striking the nearest enemy otherwise.;DEATH LOTUS: This champion becomes a flurry of blades, dealing massive magic damage while he/she channels to the 3 nearest enemy champions.
Leesin;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;FLURRY: After Lee Sin uses an ability, his/her next 2 basic attacks gain Attack Speed and return Energy.;SONIC WAVE / RESONATING STRIKE: Sonic Wave: Lee Sin projects a discordant wave of sound to locate his/her enemies, dealing physical damage to the first enemy it encounters. If Sonic Wave hits, Lee Sin can cast Resonating Strike for the next 3 seconds. Resonating Strike: Lee Sin dashes to the enemy hit by Sonic Wave, dealing physical damage based on the target's missing Health.;SAFEGUARD / IRON WILL: Safeguard: Lee Sin rushes to target ally, shielding himself from damage. If the ally is a champion, they are also shielded. After using Safeguard, Lee Sin can cast Iron Will. Iron Will: Lee Sin's intense training allows him/her to thrive in battle. Lee Sin gains Life Steal and Spell Vamp.;TEMPEST / CRIPPLE: Tempest: Lee Sin smashes the ground, sending out a shockwave that deals magic damage and reveals enemy units hit. If Tempest hits an enemy, Lee Sin can cast cripple. Cripple: Lee Sin cripples nearby enemies damaged by Tempest, reducing their Move Speed. Move Speed recovers gradually over the duration.;DRAGON'S RAGE: Lee Sin performs a powerful roundhouse kick launching his/her target back, dealing physical damage to the target and any enemies they collide with. Enemies the target collides with are knocked into the air for a short duration. This technique was taught to him/her by Jesse Perring, although Lee Sin does not kick players off the map.
Nidalee;ASSASSIN / MAGE;PROWL: Moving through brush increases This champion's Move Speed by 10% for 2 seconds, increased to 30% toward visible enemy champions within 1400 range. Hitting champions or monsters with Javelin Toss or Bushwhack triggers a Hunt, granting True Sight of them for 4 seconds. During this time, This champion gains 10% Move Speed (increased to 30% toward the Hunted target) and his/her Takedown and Pounce are enhanced against them.;JAVELIN TOSS / TAKEDOWN: In human form, This champion throws a spiked javelin at his/her target that gains damage as it flies. As a cougar, his/her next attack will attempt to fatally wound his/her target, dealing more damage the less life they have.;BUSHWHACK / POUNCE: In human form, This champion lays a trap for unwary opponents that, when sprung, damages and reveals its target. As a cougar, he/she jumps in a direction, dealing damage in an area where he/she lands.;PRIMAL SURGE / SWIPE: In human form, This champion channels the spirit of the cougar to heal his/her allies and imbue them with Attack Speed for a short duration. As a cougar, he/she claws in a direction, dealing damage to enemies in front of her.;ASPECT OF THE COUGAR: This champion transforms into a cougar, gaining new abilities.
Maokai;TANK / SUPPORT;SAP MAGIC: This champion's basic attack also heals him/her and deals additional damage on a moderate cooldown. Each time This champion casts a spell or is struck by an enemy's spell, this cooldown is reduced.;BRAMBLE SMASH: This champion knocks back nearby enemies with a shockwave, dealing magic damage and slowing them.;TWISTED ADVANCE: This champion contorts into a mass of moving roots, becoming untargetable and dashing to the target. Upon arrival, he/she roots the target.;SAPLING TOSS: This champion flings a sapling to the target area to stand guard. More effective in brush.;NATURE'S GRASP: This champion summons a colossal wall of brambles and thorns that slowly advances forwards, damaging and rooting any enemies in the path.
Nasus;FIGHTER / TANK;SOUL EATER: This champion drains his/her foe's spiritual energy, giving him/her bonus Life Steal.;SIPHONING STRIKE: This champion strikes his/her foe, dealing damage and increasing the power of his/her future Siphoning Strikes if he/she slays his/her target.;WITHER: This champion ages an enemy champion, decelerating their Move Speed and Attack Speed over time.;SPIRIT FIRE: This champion unleashes a spirit flame at a location, dealing damage and reducing the Armor of enemies who stand on it.;FURY OF THE SANDS: This champion unleashes a mighty sandstorm that batters nearby enemies. While the storm rages, he/she gains increased Health, Attack Range, damages nearby enemies, has a reduced cooldown on Siphoning Strike, and gains bonus Armor and Magic Resistance.
Kayle;MAGE / MARKSMAN;DIVINE ASCENT: This champion's attacks are empowered by the heavens as he/she levels up and spends skill points. Him/Her wings are lit aflame as he/she progressively gains Attack Speed, Move Speed, Attack Range, and waves of fire on his/her attacks.;RADIANT BLAST: This champion conjures a portal, summoning a celestial sword that pierces through enemies, slowing, damaging, and reducing the resistances of all hit.;CELESTIAL BLESSING: Blessed by the divine, This champion heals and grants Move Speed to herself and the nearest ally.;STARFIRE SPELLBLADE: Passive: This champion's celestial sword, Virtue, deals bonus magic damage to enemies he/she attacks. Active: This champion's next attack smites his/her target with celestial fire, dealing bonus damage proportionate to their missing health.;DIVINE JUDGMENT: This champion makes an ally invulnerable and calls upon former Aspects of Justice to purify the area around his/her target with a holy rain of swords.
Leona;TANK / SUPPORT;SUNLIGHT: Damaging spells afflict enemies with Sunlight for 1.5 seconds. When allied Champions deal damage to those targets, they consume the Sunlight to deal additional magic damage.;SHIELD OF DAYBREAK: This champion uses his/her shield to perform his/her next basic attack, dealing bonus magic damage and stunning the target.;ECLIPSE: This champion raises his/her shield to gain Damage Reduction, Armor, and Magic Resist. When the duration first ends, if there are nearby enemies, he/she will deal magic damage to them and prolong the duration of the effect.;ZENITH BLADE: This champion projects a solar image of his/her sword, dealing magic damage to all enemies in a line. When the image fades, the last enemy champion struck will be briefly immobilized and This champion will dash to them.;SOLAR FLARE: This champion calls down a beam of solar energy, dealing damage to enemies in an area. Enemies in the center of the area are stunned, while enemies on the outside are slowed.
Nilah;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;JOY UNENDING: This champion gains increased experience from last-hitting minions along with the ability to enhance and share nearby healing and shielding from his/her allies.;FORMLESS BLADE: With a snap of his/her whip-blade, This champion damages any enemies he/she hits in a straight line in his/her chosen direction. This action extends his/her attack range for a short duration.;JUBILANT VEIL: This champion envelops herself in mist, increasing his/her movement speed and allowing his/her to gracefully dodge all incoming attacks. Any allies he/she touches during the mist's duration will also gain this effect.;SLIPSTREAM: This champion enthusiastically dashes toward his/her target, dealing damage to any enemies he/she passes through on the way.;APOTHEOSIS: Twirling his/her whip-blade in joyful exuberance, This champion deals damage to enemies around his/her before pulling them closer with his/her weapon.
Masteryi;ASSASSIN / FIGHTER;DOUBLE STRIKE: Every few consecutive basic attack, Master Yi strikes twice.;ALPHA STRIKE: Master Yi teleports across the battlefield with blinding speed, dealing physical damage to multiple units in his/her path, while simultaneously becoming untargetable. Alpha Strike can critically strike and deals bonus physical damage to monsters. Basic attacks reduce Alpha Strike's cooldown.;MEDITATE: Master Yi rejuvenates his/her body by focus of mind, restoring Health and taking reduced damage for a short time. In addition, Master Yi will gain stacks of Double Strike and pause the remaining duration on Wuju Style and Highlander for each second he/she channels.;WUJU STYLE: Grants bonus true damage on basic attacks.;HIGHLANDER: Master Yi moves with unparalleled agility, temporarily increasing his/her Move Speed and Attack Speed as well as making him/her immune to all slowing effects. While active, Champion kills or assists extend Highlander's duration. Passively reduces cooldown for his/her other abilities on a kill or assist.
Nautilus;TANK / SUPPORT;STAGGERING BLOW: This champion' first Attack against a target deals increased physical damage and roots them briefly.;DREDGE LINE: This champion hurls his/her anchor forward. Colliding with an enemy pulls them and This champion together, dealing magic damage. Colliding with terrain pulls This champion towards it.;TITAN'S WRATH: This champion gains a temporary Shield. While it persists, his/her Attacks deal damage over time to his/her target and surrounding enemies.;RIPTIDE: This champion creates three exploding waves around himself. Each explosion damages and slows enemies.;DEPTH CHARGE: This champion fires a shockwave into the earth that chases an opponent. This shockwave rips up the earth above it, knocking enemies into the air. When it reaches the opponent, the shockwave erupts, knocking his/her target into the air and stunning them.
Poppy;TANK / FIGHTER;IRON AMBASSADOR: This champion throws his/her buckler that bounces off the target. This champion can pick it up to gain a temporary shield.;HAMMER SHOCK: This champion swings his/her hammer, dealing damage and creating a zone that will slow enemies and explode after a delay.;STEADFAST PRESENCE: This champion passively gains Armor and Magic Resist. This bonus increases when he/she is low on Health. This champion can activate Steadfast Presence to gain Move Speed and stop enemy dashes around her. If a dash is stopped, the enemy is slowed and grounded.;HEROIC CHARGE: This champion dashes to the target and pushes it back. If the target is pushed into a wall, it is stunned.;KEEPER'S VERDICT: This champion channels a hammer strike that knocks enemies very far away.
Renekton;FIGHTER / TANK;REIGN OF ANGER: This champion's attacks generate Fury, increased when he/she is low on life. This Fury can empower his/her abilities with bonus effects.;CULL THE MEEK: This champion swings his/her blade, dealing moderate physical damage to all targets around him, and heals for a small portion of the damage dealt. If he/she has more than 50 Fury, his/her damage and heal are increased.;RUTHLESS PREDATOR: This champion slashes his/her target twice, dealing moderate physical damage and stuns them for 0.75 seconds. If This champion has more than 50 Fury, he/she slashes his/her target three times, destroying damage shields on the target, dealing high physical damage, and stunning them for 1.5 seconds.;SLICE AND DICE: This champion dashes, dealing damage to units along the way. Empowered, This champion deals bonus damage and reduces the Armor of units hit.;DOMINUS: This champion transforms into the Tyrant form, gaining bonus Health and dealing damage to enemies around him. While in this form, This champion gains Fury periodically.
Nocturne;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;UMBRA BLADES: Every few seconds, This champion's next attack strikes surrounding enemies for bonus physical damage and heals himself. This champion's basic attacks reduce this cooldown.;DUSKBRINGER: This champion throws a shadow blade that deals damage, leaves a Dusk Trail, and causes champions to leave a Dusk Trail. While on the trail, This champion can move through units and has increased Move Speed and Attack Damage.;SHROUD OF DARKNESS: This champion empowers his/her blades, passively gaining Attack Speed. Activating Shroud of Darkness allows This champion to fade into the shadows, creating a magical barrier which blocks a single enemy ability and doubles his/her passive Attack Speed if successful.;UNSPEAKABLE HORROR: This champion plants a nightmare into his/her target's mind, dealing damage each second and applying fear to the target if they do not get out of range by the end of the duration.;PARANOIA: This champion reduces the sight radius of all enemy champions and removes their ally vision in the process. He/She can then launch himself at a nearby enemy champion.
Sett;FIGHTER / TANK;PIT GRIT: This champion's basic attacks alternate between left and right punch. Right punch is slightly stronger and faster. This champion also hates losing, gaining additional health regeneration based off of his/her missing health.;KNUCKLE DOWN: This champion's next two attacks deal additional damage based off of the target's max health. This champion also gains Move Speed while moving towards enemy champions.;HAYMAKER: This champion passively stores damage he/she takes as Grit. On cast, This champion expends all stored Grit to gain a shield and punch an area, dealing true damage in the center and physical damage on the sides.;FACEBREAKER: This champion pulls in all enemies on opposite sides of him, dealing damage and stunning them. If enemies were only on one side, they are slowed instead of stunned.;THE SHOW STOPPER: This champion carries an enemy champion through the air and slams them into the ground, dealing damage and slowing all enemies near where they land.
Sona;SUPPORT / MAGE;POWER CHORD: Accelerando: This champion gains non-Ultimate ability haste permanently for his/her basic abilities as he/she uses his/her abilities well, up to a cap. Beyond that cap, further successful uses reduce his/her ultimate's remaining cooldown instead. Power Chord: Every few spell casts, This champion's next attack will deal bonus magic damage in addition to an additional effect based on what basic Ability This champion last activated.;HYMN OF VALOR: This champion plays the Hymn of Valor, sends out bolts of sound, dealing magic damage to two nearby enemies, prioritizing champions and monsters. This champion gains a temporary aura that grants allies tagged by the zone bonus damage on their next attack against enemies.;ARIA OF PERSEVERANCE: This champion plays the Aria of Perseverance, sending out protective melodies, healing This champion and a nearby wounded ally. This champion gains a temporary aura that grants allies tagged by the zone a temporary shield.;SONG OF CELERITY: This champion plays the Song of Celerity, granting nearby allies bonus Move Speed. This champion gains a temporary aura that grants allied champions tagged by the zone bonus Move Speed.;CRESCENDO: This champion plays his/her ultimate chord, stunning enemy champions and forcing them to dance and dealing magic damage to them. Each rank reduces the base cooldown of This champion's basic abilities.
Pyke;SUPPORT / ASSASSIN;GIFT OF THE DROWNED ONES: When This champion is hidden from enemies, he/she regenerates damage that he/she has recently taken from champions. This champion also cannot gain extra Maximum Health from any source, and instead gains Bonus AD.;BONE SKEWER: This champion either stabs an enemy in front of him/her or pulls an enemy towards him.;GHOSTWATER DIVE: This champion enters Camouflage and gains significant Move Speed that decays over time.;PHANTOM UNDERTOW: This champion dashes and leaves behind a phantom that will return to him, stunning enemy champions along its path.;DEATH FROM BELOW: This champion blinks to and executes low health enemies, allowing him/her to cast this spell again and granting additional gold to an ally who assists.
Rengar;ASSASSIN / FIGHTER;UNSEEN PREDATOR: While in Brush, This champion leaps at his/her target with his/her basic attack. This champion generates Ferocity whenever he/she casts an ability. At Max Ferocity, his/her next ability is empowered. Killing enemy champions awards trophies on This champion's Bonetooth Necklace, granting bonus attack damage.;SAVAGERY: This champion's next Attack brutally stabs his/her target for bonus damage. Ferocity effect: deals increased damage and grants Attack Speed.;BATTLE ROAR: This champion lets out a battle roar, damaging enemies and healing for some of the recent damage he/she has taken. Ferocity effect: additionally breaks crowd control effects.;BOLA STRIKE: This champion throws a bola, slowing the first target hit for a short duration. Ferocity effect: roots the target.;THRILL OF THE HUNT: This champion's predatory instincts take over, Camouflaging him/her and revealing the nearest enemy champion in a large radius around him. During Thrill of the Hunt, This champion gains Move Speed and he/she can leap to the tracked enemy without being in brush, reducing their armor.
Nunu;TANK / MAGE;CALL OF THE FRELJORD: This champion increases the attack speed and Move Speed of Willump and a nearby ally, and causes Willump's basic attacks to damage enemies around the target.;CONSUME: Willump takes a bite out of a minion, monster, or enemy champion, dealing damage and healing himself.;BIGGEST SNOWBALL EVER!: Willump creates a snowball that grows in size and speed as he/she rolls it. The snowball damages and knocks up enemies.;SNOWBALL BARRAGE: This champion throws multiple snowballs that damage enemies. When he's finished, Willump roots any champions or large monsters that were hit by a snowball.;ABSOLUTE ZERO: This champion & Willump create a powerful blizzard in an area that slows enemies and deals massive damage at the end.
Shaco;ASSASSIN;BACKSTAB: This champion's basic attacks and Two-Shiv Poison deal additional damage when striking from behind.;DECEIVE: This champion becomes Invisible and teleports to target location. His/Her first attack while Invisible is empowered, dealing bonus damage and critically striking if he/she attacks from behind.;JACK IN THE BOX: This champion creates a hidden animated Jack-in-the-Box. When triggered, it will fear and attack nearby enemies.;TWO-SHIV POISON: This champion's Shivs passively poison targets on hit, slowing their Move Speed. He/She can throw his/her Shivs to deal damage and poison the target. The thrown Shiv deals bonus damage if the target is below 30% health.;HALLUCINATE: This champion creates an illusion of himself near him, which can attack nearby enemies (Deals reduced damage to turrets). Upon death, it explodes, spawning three mini Jack in the Boxes and dealing damage to nearby enemies.
Soraka;SUPPORT / MAGE;SALVATION: This champion runs faster towards nearby low health allies.;STARCALL: A star falls from the sky at the target location dealing magic damage and slowing enemies. If an enemy champion is hit by Starcall, This champion recovers Health.;ASTRAL INFUSION: This champion sacrifices a portion of his/her own health to heal another friendly champion.;EQUINOX: Creates a zone at a location that silences all enemies inside. When the zone expires, all enemies still inside are rooted.;WISH: This champion fills his/her allies with hope, instantly restoring health to herself and all allied champions.
Qiyana;ASSASSIN;ROYAL PRIVILEGE: This champion's first basic attack or ability against each enemy deals bonus damage.;ELEMENTAL WRATH / EDGE OF IXTAL: This champion swings his/her weapon, dealing damage with a bonus effect based on his/her element.;TERRASHAPE: This champion dashes to a location and enchants his/her weapon with an element. Him/Her attacks and abilities deal bonus damage while his/her weapon is enchanted.;AUDACITY: This champion dashes to an enemy, damaging them.;SUPREME DISPLAY OF TALENT: This champion sends out a shockwave that detonates whatever elements he/she hits with it, stunning and damaging nearby enemies.
Olaf;FIGHTER / TANK;BERSERKER RAGE: This champion gains Attack Speed and Life Steal based on his/her missing Health.;UNDERTOW: This champion throws an axe into the ground at a target location, dealing damage to enemies it passes through and reducing their Armor and Move Speed. If This champion picks up the axe, the ability's cooldown is reset.;TOUGH IT OUT: This champion's Attack Speed is increased and he/she gains a Shield.;RECKLESS SWING: This champion attacks with such force that it deals true damage to his/her target and himself, refunding the Health cost if he/she destroys the target.;RAGNAROK: This champion passively gains increased armor and magic resist. He/She can activate this ability to become immune to disables for as long as he/she keeps attacking.
Riven;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;RUNIC BLADE: This champion's abilities charge his/her blade, and his/her basic attacks expend charges to deal an additional damage.;BROKEN WINGS: This champion lashes out in a series of strikes. This ability can be reactivated three times in a short time frame with the third hit knocking back nearby enemies.;KI BURST: This champion emits a Ki Burst, damaging and stunning nearby enemies.;VALOR: This champion steps forward a short distance and blocks incoming damage.;BLADE OF THE EXILE: This champion empowers his/her keepsake weapon with energy, and gains Attack Damage and Range. During this time, he/she also gains the ability to use Wind Slash, a powerful ranged attack, once.
Shen;TANK;KI BARRIER: After casting a spell, This champion gets a shield. Affecting other champions reduces the cooldown of this effect.;TWILIGHT ASSAULT: This champion recalls his/her spirit blade to attack with it, dealing damage based on the target's max health. The attacks are greatly empowered if it collides with an enemy champion, and all collided enemies are slowed while running away from This champion.;SPIRIT'S REFUGE: Attacks that would hit This champion or his/her allies near his/her spirit blade are blocked.;SHADOW DASH: This champion dashes in a direction, taunting enemies in his/her path.;STAND UNITED: This champion shields target allied champion from incoming damage, and soon after teleports to their location.
Swain;MAGE / SUPPORT;RAVENOUS FLOCK: This champion's ravens collect Soul Fragments that heal him/her and permanently increase his/her maximum health.;DEATH'S HAND: This champion unleashes several bolts of eldritch power that pierce through enemies. Enemies hit take more damage for each bolt they are struck by.;VISION OF EMPIRE: This champion opens a demon eye that deals damage and slows enemies. Champions hit are revealed and also grant This champion a Soul Fragment.;NEVERMOVE: This champion launches a wave of demonic power forward. It then returns to This champion and roots enemies it hits. This champion can then choose to pull all rooted champions closer. This ability has a shorter cooldown during Demonic Ascension.;DEMONIC ASCENSION: This champion transforms into a demon and drains health from nearby enemy champions, minions, and neutral monsters. This champion can cast Demonflare to decimate and slow nearby enemies with a nova of soulfire. This form is indefinite as long as This champion drains enemy champions.
Quinn;MARKSMAN / ASSASSIN;HARRIER: Valor, This champion's Demacian eagle, periodically marks enemies as Vulnerable. This champion's first basic attack against Vulnerable targets will deal bonus physical damage.;BLINDING ASSAULT: This champion calls Valor to mark an enemy and hinder its vision before damaging all enemies in the immediate area.;HEIGHTENED SENSES: Passively grants This champion Attack Speed and Move Speed after he/she attacks a Vulnerable target. Activate to have Valor reveal a large area nearby.;VAULT: This champion dashes to an enemy, dealing physical damage and slowing the target's Move Speed. Upon reaching the target, he/she leaps off the target, briefly interrupting it, and lands near his/her maximum Attack Range away from the target.;BEHIND ENEMY LINES: This champion and Valor team up to fly around at great speed. Ending the ability casts Skystrike, which deals damage to nearby enemies and marks champions as Vulnerable.
Orianna;MAGE / SUPPORT;CLOCKWORK WINDUP: This champion's Attacks deal additional magic damage. This damage increases the more This champion Attacks the same target.;COMMAND: ATTACK: This champion commands his/her Ball to fire toward a target location, dealing magic damage to targets along the way (deals less damage to subsequent targets). Him/Her Ball remains at the target location after.;COMMAND: DISSONANCE: This champion commands his/her Ball to release a pulse of energy, dealing magic damage around it. This leaves a field behind that speeds up allies and slows enemies.;COMMAND: PROTECT: This champion commands his/her Ball to attach to an allied champion, Shielding them and dealing magic damage to any enemies it passes through on the way. Additionally, the Ball grants additional Armor and Magic Resist to the champion it is attached to.;COMMAND: SHOCKWAVE: This champion commands his/her Ball to unleash a shockwave, dealing magic damage and launching nearby enemies towards the Ball after a short delay.
Rumble;FIGHTER / MAGE;JUNKYARD TITAN: Every spell This champion casts gives him/her Heat. When he/she reaches 50% Heat he/she reaches Danger Zone, granting all his/her basic abilities bonus effects. When he/she reaches 100% Heat, he/she starts Overheating, gaining bonus Attack Speed and granting his/her basic attacks bonus damage, but making him/her unable to cast spells for a few seconds.;FLAMESPITTER: This champion torches opponents in front of him, dealing magic damage in a cone for 3 seconds. While in Danger Zone this damage is increased.;SCRAP SHIELD: This champion pulls up a shield, protecting him/her from damage and granting him/her a quick burst of speed. While in Danger Zone, the shield strength and speed bonus is increased.;ELECTRO HARPOON: This champion launches a harpoon, electrocuting his/her target with magic damage, slowing their Move Speed, and reducing their Magic Resist. This champion can carry 2 harpoons at a time. While in Danger Zone the damage and slow percentage is increased.;THE EQUALIZER: This champion fires off a group of rockets, creating a wall of flames that damages and slows enemies.
Shyvana;FIGHTER / MAGE;FURY OF THE DRAGONBORN: This champion deals bonus damage to dragons and gains Armor and Magic Resistance. As This champion and his/her allies slay more dragons, he/she gains more bonus Armor and Magic Resistance.;TWIN BITE: This champion strikes twice on his/her next attack and grants herself Attack Speed for his/her next attacks. Basic attacks reduce the cooldown of Twin Bite by 0.5 seconds. Dragon Form: Twin Bite cleaves all units in front of This champion.;BURNOUT: This champion surrounds herself in fire, dealing magic damage per second to nearby enemies and moving faster for 3 seconds, part of this damage is applied again when This champion basic attacks an enemy with Burnout active. The Move Speed reduces over the duration of the spell. Basic attacks extend the duration of Burnout. Dragon Form: Burnout grows in size.;FLAME BREATH: This champion unleashes a fireball that deals damage to all enemies it encounters and leaves cinders on the target, marking them for 5 seconds. This champion's basic attacks on marked targets deal a percentage of their maximum Health as damage on-hit. Dragon Form: Flame Breath explodes on impact or at target location, dealing bonus damage and scorching the earth for a short duration.;DRAGON'S DESCENT: This champion transforms into a dragon and takes flight to a target location. Enemies along his/her path take damage and are knocked toward his/her target location. This champion passively gains Fury per second and gains 2 Fury on basic attack.
Sylas;MAGE / ASSASSIN;PETRICITE BURST: After casting a spell, This champion stores a charge of Petricite Burst. This champion's basic attacks will expend a charge and whirl his/her energized chains around him/her dealing bonus magic damage to enemies hit. While This champion has a charge of Petricite Burst, he/she gains attack speed.;CHAIN LASH: This champion lashes his/her chains out, intersecting at his/her targeted location dealing damage to and slowing enemies. After a delay, magical energy explodes from the intersection point dealing damage.;KINGSLAYER: This champion lunges at an enemy with magical force dealing damage and healing himself against enemy champions.;ABSCOND / ABDUCT: This champion dashes to a location. This champion can recast the ability to throw his/her chains out, pulling himself to an enemy he/she hits.;HIJACK: This champion steals the enemy's ultimate ability and can cast it freely.
Rakan;SUPPORT;FEY FEATHERS: This champion periodically gains a shield.;GLEAMING QUILL: Flings a magical feather that deals magic damage. Striking a champion or epic monster enables This champion to heal his/her allies.;GRAND ENTRANCE: Dashes to a location, knocking up nearby enemies on arrival.;BATTLE DANCE: Flies to an allied champion granting them a shield. Can be re-cast for free for a short duration.;THE QUICKNESS: Gains Move Speed, charming and dealing magic damage to enemies touched.
Ornn;TANK;LIVING FORGE: This champion gains an additional bonus Armor and Magic Resist from all sources. This champion can spend gold to forge non-consumable items anywhere. Additionally, he/she can create masterwork items for himself and for his/her allies.;VOLCANIC RUPTURE: This champion slams the ground, sending out a fissure dealing damage and slowing enemies hit. After a small delay, a magma pillar forms at the end location.;BELLOWS BREATH: This champion advances, breathing fire. Enemies hit by the final gout of flame become Brittle.;SEARING CHARGE: This champion charges, dealing damage to enemies he/she passes through. If This champion collides with terrain while charging, the impact creates a shockwave around him/her which deals damage and knocks up enemies.;CALL OF THE FORGE GOD: This champion summons a massive elemental at a location which travels toward him/her with increasing speed. Enemies run over by the elemental take damage, are slowed and are made Brittle. This champion can recast the ability to charge into the elemental, redirecting it in the direction he/she hits it, causing the elemental to affect any enemies it runs over to be knocked up, dealing the same damage and re-applying Brittle.
Ryze;MAGE;ARCANE MASTERY: This champion's spells deal extra damage based on his/her Bonus Mana, and he/she gains a percentage increase to his/her maximum Mana based on his/her Ability Power.;OVERLOAD: Passively, This champion's other basic abilities reset the cooldown of Overload and charge a rune. When This champion casts Overload with 2 runes charged, he/she gains a brief burst of Move Speed. On cast, This champion throws a charge of pure energy in a line, dealing damage to the first enemy struck. If the target has Flux on it, Overload deals extra damage and bounces to nearby enemies with Flux.;RUNE PRISON: This champion traps a target in a cage of runes, damaging them and slowing their movement. If the target has Flux on it, they are instead rooted.;SPELL FLUX: This champion releases an orb of pure magical power that damages an enemy and debuffs all nearby enemies. This champion's spells have additional effects against the debuffed enemy.;REALM WARP: Passively, Overload deals even more damage against targets with Flux. On cast, This champion creates a portal to a nearby location. After a few seconds, allies standing near the portal are teleported to the target location.
Singed;TANK / MAGE;NOXIOUS SLIPSTREAM: This champion drafts off nearby champions, gaining a burst of Move Speed when passing them.;POISON TRAIL: Leaves a trail of poison behind This champion, dealing damage to enemies caught in the path.;MEGA ADHESIVE: Throws a vial of mega adhesive on the ground, slowing and grounding enemies who walk on it.;FLING: Damages target enemy unit and flings them into the air behind This champion. If the target This champion flings lands in his/her Mega Adhesive, they are also rooted.;INSANITY POTION: This champion drinks a potent brew of chemicals, granting him/her increased combat stats, and making his/her Poison Trail apply Grievous Wounds.
Syndra;MAGE;TRANSCENDENT: This champion collects Splinters of Wrath from gaining levels and damaging enemies which upgrade his/her abilities. Dark Sphere: This champion can hold an additional charge Force of Will: Bonus true damage. Scatter the Weak: Increased width and slows all targets Unleashed Power: Executes low health targets;DARK SPHERE: This champion conjures a Dark Sphere dealing magic damage. The sphere remains and can be manipulated by his/her other powers.;FORCE OF WILL: This champion picks up and throws a Dark Sphere or enemy minion dealing magic damage and slowing the Move Speed of enemies.;SCATTER THE WEAK: This champion knocks enemies and Dark Spheres back dealing magic damage. Enemies hit by Dark Spheres become stunned.;UNLEASHED POWER: This champion bombards an enemy Champion with all of his/her Dark Spheres.
Rammus;TANK;SPIKED SHELL: This champion' basic attacks deal bonus magic damage, scaling with his/her Armor.;POWERBALL: This champion accelerates in a ball towards his/her enemies, dealing damage and slowing targets affected by the impact.;DEFENSIVE BALL CURL: This champion goes into a defensive formation, vastly increasing his/her Armor and Magic Resistance, amplifying Spiked Shells' damage, and returning damage to enemies that basic attack him.;FRENZYING TAUNT: This champion taunts an enemy champion or monster into a reckless assault against him. Additionally, he/she gains increased Attack Speed for a short time, but this bonus is extended by having any of his/her other spells active.;SOARING SLAM: This champion hops into the air and slams down at a target area, dealing magic damage and slowing enemies. If cast while This champion is in Powerball, This champion knocks up enemies near the center as well.
Pantheon;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;MORTAL WILL: Every few spells or attacks, This champion's next spell is empowered.;COMET SPEAR: This champion either thrusts his/her spear or throws his/her spear in the chosen direction.;SHIELD VAULT: This champion dashes to a target, damaging and stunning them.;AEGIS ASSAULT: This champion sets his/her shield, becoming invulnerable to damage from the front and striking repeatedly with his/her spear.;GRAND STARFALL: This champion composes himself and then leaps into the air, landing at a chosen location as a comet.
Samira;MARKSMAN / ASSASSIN;DAREDEVIL IMPULSE: This champion builds a combo by hitting attacks or abilities unique from the previous hit. This champion's attacks in melee range deal additional magic damage. This champion's attacks against enemies affected by Immobilizing effects will dash his/her to his/her attack range. If the enemy is Knocked Up, he/she also keeps them Knocked Up briefly.;FLAIR: This champion fires a shot or swings his/her sword, dealing damage. If cast during Wild Rush, strike all enemies in his/her path upon completion.;BLADE WHIRL: This champion slashes around her, damaging enemies and destroying enemy missiles.;WILD RUSH: This champion dashes through an enemy (including structures), slashing enemies he/she passes through and gaining Attack Speed. Killing an enemy champion refreshes this ability's cooldown.;INFERNO TRIGGER: This champion unleashes a torrent of shots from his/her weapons, wildly shooting all enemies surrounding her.
Sion;TANK / FIGHTER;GLORY IN DEATH: After being killed, This champion will temporarily reanimate with rapidly decaying Health. His/Her attacks become very rapid, heal him, and deal bonus damage based on his/her target's maximum Health.;DECIMATING SMASH: This champion charges a powerful swing in an area in front of himself that will deal damage to enemies when released. If he/she charges for enough time, enemies hit by the swing will also be knocked up and stunned.;SOUL FURNACE: This champion shields himself and can reactivate after 3 seconds to deal Magic Damage to enemies nearby. When This champion kills enemies, he/she passively gains maximum Health.;ROAR OF THE SLAYER: This champion fires a short range shockwave that damages and slows and reduces the Armor of the first enemy hit. If the shockwave hits a minion or monster, it will be knocked back, damaging, slowing, and reducing the Armor of all enemies that it passes through.;UNSTOPPABLE ONSLAUGHT: This champion charges in a direction, ramping up speed over time. He/She can steer his/her charge slightly with the mouse cursor location. When he/she collides with an enemy he/she deals damage and knocks them up based on the distance he/she has charged.
Tahmkench;TANK / SUPPORT;AN ACQUIRED TASTE: Tahm Kench puts the heft of his/her immense body behind his/her attacks, gaining extra damage based on his/her total health. Damaging enemy champions builds stacks of An Acquired Taste. At three stacks, he/she can use Devour on an enemy champion.;TONGUE LASH: Tahm Kench lashes out with his/her tongue, damaging and slowing the first unit hit and healing himself if he/she strikes an enemy champion. Applies a stack of An Acquired Taste to enemy champions. If the champion already has 3 stacks of An Acquired Taste, they are stunned and the stacks are consumed.;ABYSSAL DIVE: Dive down and then re-appear at target location, damaging and knocking up all enemies in an area.;THICK SKIN: Passive: Tahm Kench stores a percent of the damage he/she takes and heals based on it while out of combat. Active: Convert all stored damage into a temporary shield.;DEVOUR: Tahm Kench devours a champion for a few seconds, dealing magic damage if they are an enemy, or shielding them if they are an ally.
Reksai;FIGHTER / TANK;FURY OF THE XER'SAI: Rek'Sai generates Fury by Attacking and hitting with basic Abilities. He/She consumes this Fury while Burrowed to restore health.;QUEEN'S WRATH / PREY SEEKER: Rek'Sai's next 3 basic attacks deal bonus Physical Damage to nearby enemies. While Burrowed, Rek'Sai launches a burst of void-charged earth that damages and reveals enemies hit.;BURROW / UN-BURROW: Rek'Sai burrows into the ground, gaining new abilities and increased Move Speed. Him/Her vision range is reduced and he/she cannot use basic attacks. While Burrowed, Rek'Sai may cast Unburrow to knock up and damage nearby enemies.;FURIOUS BITE / TUNNEL: Rek'Sai bites his/her target, dealing bonus damage if he/she has max Fury. While Burrowed, Rek'Sai creates a re-usable, long lasting tunnel. Enemies can destroy it by standing on top of either entrance.;VOID RUSH: Rek'Sai passively marks targets by damaging them. He/She can activate this ability to become briefly untargetable and lunge at a marked target for heavy damage based on their missing health.
Teemo;MARKSMAN / MAGE;GUERRILLA WARFARE: If This champion stands still and takes no actions for a short duration, he/she becomes Invisible indefinitely. If he's in brush, This champion can enter and maintain his/her Invisibility while moving. After leaving Invisibility, This champion gains the Element of Surprise, increasing his/her Attack Speed for a few seconds.;BLINDING DART: Obscures an enemy's vision with a powerful venom, dealing damage to the target unit and blinding it for the duration.;MOVE QUICK: This champion scampers around, passively increasing his/her Move Speed until he/she is struck by an enemy champion or turret. This champion can sprint to gain bonus Move Speed that isn't stopped by being struck for a short time.;TOXIC SHOT: Each of This champion's attacks will poison the target, dealing damage on impact and each second after for 4 seconds.;NOXIOUS TRAP: This champion throws an explosive poisonous trap using one of the mushrooms stored in his/her pack. If an enemy steps on the trap, it will release a poisonous cloud, slowing enemies and damaging them over time. If This champion throws a mushroom onto another mushroom it will bounce, gaining additional range.
Sejuani;TANK;FURY OF THE NORTH: After being out of combat, This champion gains Frost Armor which grants Armor and Magic Resist and immunity to slows. Frost Armor persists for a short time after This champion takes damage. This champion can damage a stunned enemy to shatter it, dealing massive magic damage.;ARCTIC ASSAULT: This champion charges forward, knocking enemies into the air. The charge stops after hitting an enemy champion.;WINTER'S WRATH: This champion swings his/her mace twice, dealing damage, slowing enemies and applying Frost stacks.;PERMAFROST: This champion freezes and stuns an enemy champion that has maximum Frost stacks.;GLACIAL PRISON: This champion throws his/her bola that freezes and stuns the first champion hit and creates an ice storm that slows other enemies.
Sivir;MARKSMAN;FLEET OF FOOT: This champion gains a short burst of Move Speed when he/she attacks an enemy champion.;BOOMERANG BLADE: This champion hurls his/her crossblade like a boomerang, dealing damage each way.;RICOCHET: This champion's next few basic attacks gain additional attack speed and bounce to nearby targets, dealing reduced damage while bouncing.;SPELL SHIELD: Creates a magical barrier that blocks a single enemy ability cast on This champion. He/She receives health and a burst of movement speed if a spell is blocked.;ON THE HUNT: This champion leads his/her allies in battle, granting them a surge of Move Speed for a period of time. In addition, This champion's attacks reduce his/her spell cooldowns.
Taliyah;MAGE / SUPPORT;ROCK SURFING: This champion gains Move Speed near walls.;THREADED VOLLEY: This champion throws a volley of rocks in a target direction, moving freely as he/she casts. This creates Worked Ground below her. If This champion casts Threaded Volley on Worked Ground, he/she consumes the ground to throw a stronger boulder that slows enemies.;SEISMIC SHOVE: This champion causes an area of ground to erupt and throws enemies within it in a direction of his/her choosing.;UNRAVELED EARTH: This champion creates a slowing minefield. If enemies dash through it or are knocked through it, the mines explode and stun them.;WEAVER'S WALL: This champion creates a very long wall and then surfs it.
Rell;TANK / SUPPORT;BREAK THE MOLD: This champion's Attacks and Abilities steal Armor and Magic Resist on hit.;SHATTERING STRIKE: This champion deals magic damage to units in a line, breaking their shields and stunning them.;FERROMANCY: CRASH DOWN: Mounted: This champion Dismounts, crashing down in his/her armor, Knocking enemies up and gaining a large Shield. While dismounted, he/she gains Armor, Magic Resist, Attack Speed, and Attack Range, but is Slowed. Dismounted: This champion forms his/her Mount, gaining a burst of speed and Knocking Up the next enemy he/she attacks.;FULL TILT: Passive: This champion gains out of combat Move Speed. Active: This champion and an ally gain ramping Move Speed, doubled toward enemies and each other. Him/Her next Attack explodes, dealing magic damage.;MAGNET STORM: This champion explodes in a magnetic fury, violently Pulling nearby enemies toward herself. Then This champion constantly Drags nearby enemies toward herself for a short while, dealing magic damage over time.
Thresh;SUPPORT / TANK;DAMNATION: This champion can harvest the souls of enemies that die near him, permanently granting him/her Armor and Ability Power.;DEATH SENTENCE: This champion binds an enemy in chains and pulls them toward him. Activating this ability a second time pulls This champion to the enemy.;DARK PASSAGE: This champion throws out a lantern that shields nearby allied Champions from damage. Allies can click the lantern to dash to This champion.;FLAY: This champion's attacks wind up, dealing more damage the longer he/she waits between attacks. When activated, This champion sweeps his/her chain, knocking all enemies hit in the direction of the blow.;THE BOX: A prison of walls that slow and deal damage if broken.
Senna;SUPPORT / MARKSMAN;ABSOLUTION: When units die near This champion, their souls are periodically trapped by the Black Mist. This champion can attack these souls to free them, absorbing the Mist that held them in death. Mist fuels his/her Relic Cannon's power with increased Attack Damage, Attack Range, and Critical Strike Chance. Attacks from This champion's Relic Cannon take longer to fire, deal bonus damage, and briefly grant his/her a portion of his/her target's Move Speed.;PIERCING DARKNESS: From the twin barrels of his/her Relic Cannon, This champion fires a unified beam of light and shadow through a target, healing allies and damaging enemies.;LAST EMBRACE: This champion sends forth a wave of Black Mist. If it hits an enemy it latches onto them hungrily, rooting them and everything nearby after a brief delay.;CURSE OF THE BLACK MIST: This champion draws the Mist he/she has stored in his/her weapon into a storm around her, embracing darkness and becoming a wraith within. Allies who enter the area are camouflaged and also appear as wraiths as the Mist shrouds them. Wraiths gain increased Move Speed, are unselectable, and hide their identities.;DAWNING SHADOW: This champion calls upon the relic stones of fallen Sentinels, splitting his/her relic cannon into a holy array of shadow and light. He/She then fires a global beam that shields allies from harm, while damaging enemies caught in the center.
Skarner;TANK / FIGHTER;THREADS OF VIBRATION: This champion's Attacks, Shattered Earth, Upheaval, and Impale, apply Quaking. At max stacks of Quaking, enemies take max Health magic damage over its duration.;SHATTERED EARTH / UPHEAVAL: This champion rips a boulder from the earth that empowers his/her attacks and can be thrown as a powerful projectile.;SEISMIC BASTION: This champion gains a shield and creates an earthquake whose shockwave damages and slows foes.;IXTAL'S IMPACT: This champion charges forward and passes through terrain. If he/she collides with a champion or large monster, he'll slam them into the next wall he/she hits to damage and stun them.;IMPALE: This champion's tails lash forward to suppress enemy champions. Once suppressed, the victims will be dragged along by This champion as he/she moves around.
Talon;ASSASSIN;BLADE'S END: This champion's spells Wound champions and large monsters, stacking up to 3 times. When This champion attacks a champion with 3 stacks of Wound, they bleed for heavy damage over time.;NOXIAN DIPLOMACY: This champion stabs the target unit. If they are within melee range, this attack deals critical damage. If they are outside melee range, This champion will leap at his/her target before stabbing them. This champion refunds some health and cooldown if this ability kills the target.;RAKE: This champion sends out a volley of daggers that then return back to him, dealing physical damage every time it passes through an enemy. The returning blades deal bonus damage and slow units hit.;ASSASSIN'S PATH: This champion vaults over any terrain or structure, up to a max distance. This ability has a low cooldown, but puts the used terrain on a long cooldown.;SHADOW ASSAULT: This champion disperses a ring of blades and becomes Invisible while gaining additional Move Speed. When This champion emerges from Invisibility, the blades converge on his/her location. Each time the blades move, Shadow Assault deals physical damage to enemies hit by at least one blade.
Renata;SUPPORT / MAGE;LEVERAGE: This champion's Attacks deal bonus damage and mark enemies. This champion's allies can damage marked enemies to deal bonus damage.;HANDSHAKE: This champion sends out a missile rooting the first enemy hit, and can recast the ability to throw the unit in a direction.;BAILOUT: This champion buffs an allied champion to fight harder, delaying their death and potentially saving them if they get a takedown.;LOYALTY PROGRAM: This champion sends out a pair of chemtech missiles, shielding allies and damaging and slowing enemies hit.;HOSTILE TAKEOVER: This champion sends out a wave of chemicals, causing any enemies hit to go Berserk.
Tristana;MARKSMAN / ASSASSIN;DRAW A BEAD: Increases This champion's Attack Range as he/she levels.;RAPID FIRE: This champion fires his/her weapon rapidly, increasing his/her Attack Speed for a short time.;ROCKET JUMP: This champion fires at the ground to propel his/her to a distant location, dealing damage and slowing surrounding units for a brief period where he/she lands.;EXPLOSIVE CHARGE: When This champion kills a unit, his/her cannonballs burst into shrapnel, dealing damage to surrounding enemies. Can be activated to place a bomb on a target enemy that explodes after a short duration dealing damage to surrounding units.;BUSTER SHOT: This champion loads a massive cannonball into his/her weapon and fires it at an enemy unit. This deals Magic Damage and knocks the target back. If the target is carrying the Explosive Charge bomb, the bomb detonation radius is doubled.
Seraphine;SUPPORT / MAGE;STAGE PRESENCE: Every third basic spell will cast twice from This champion. Additionally, casting spells near allies grants his/her bonus magic damage and range on his/her next basic attack.;HIGH NOTE: This champion deals damage in an area.;SURROUND SOUND: This champion Shields and Hastes nearby allies. If he/she is already Shielded he/she will Heal nearby allies as well.;BEAT DROP: This champion deals damage and impairs the movement of enemies in a line.;ENCORE: This champion deals damage and charms enemies hit, refreshing the range with every allied or enemy champion hit.
Smolder;MARKSMAN / MAGE;DRAGON PRACTICE: Hitting champions with Abilities and killing enemies with Super Scorcher Breath grants a stack of Dragon Practice. Stacks increase the damage of This champions basic Abilities.;SUPER SCORCHER BREATH: This champion breathes fire on an enemy. As he/she gains more stacks, this ability becomes more powerful.;ACHOOO!: This champion lets out an adorable flaming sneeze that explodes when hitting enemy champions.;FLAP, FLAP, FLAP: This champion takes flight ignoring terrain and bombarding the lowest health enemy.;MMOOOMMMM!: This champion calls his/her mom to breath fire from above, dealing extra damage and slowing enemies in the center of his/her fire.
Taric;SUPPORT / TANK;BRAVADO: Spellcasts empower This champion's next 2 basic attacks to deal bonus magic damage, reduce his/her spell cooldowns, and attack in quick succession.;STARLIGHT'S TOUCH: Heals nearby allied champions based on charges stored. Bravado-empowered attacks grant a charge of Starlight's Touch.;BASTION: Passively increase the Armor of This champion and any allied champion with Bastion. Actively shields an ally and grants them Bastion for as long as they remain near This champion. This champion's spells also cast off the ally with Bastion.;DAZZLE: This champion readies a beam of starlight that, after a brief delay, deals magic damage and stuns enemies.;COSMIC RADIANCE: Pulses cosmic energy onto nearby allied champions after a delay, making them invulnerable for a short duration.
Varus;MARKSMAN / MAGE;LIVING VENGEANCE: On kill or assist, This champion temporarily gains Attack Damage and Ability Power. This bonus is larger if the enemy is a champion.;PIERCING ARROW: This champion readies and then fires a powerful shot that gains extra range and damage the longer he/she spends preparing to fire.;BLIGHTED QUIVER: Passive: This champion' basic attacks deal bonus magic damage and apply Blight. This champion' other abilities detonate Blight, dealing magic damage based on the target's maximum Health. Active: This champion empowers his/her next Piercing Arrow.;HAIL OF ARROWS: This champion fires a hail of arrows that deal physical damage and desecrate the ground. Desecrated ground slows enemies' Move Speed and reduces their self healing and regeneration.;CHAIN OF CORRUPTION: This champion flings out a damaging tendril of corruption that immobilizes the first enemy champion hit and then spreads towards nearby uninfected champions, immobilizing them too on contact.
Trundle;FIGHTER / TANK;KING'S TRIBUTE: When an enemy unit dies near This champion, he/she heals for a percent of its maximum Health.;CHOMP: This champion bites his/her opponent, dealing damage, briefly slowing and sapping some of their Attack Damage.;FROZEN DOMAIN: This champion turns target location into his/her domain, gaining Attack Speed, Move Speed, and increased healing from all sources while on it.;PILLAR OF ICE: This champion creates an ice pillar at target location, becoming impassable terrain and slowing all nearby enemy units.;SUBJUGATE: This champion immediately steals a percent of his/her target's Health, Armor and Magic Resistance. Over the next 4 seconds the amount of Health, Armor, and Magic Resistance stolen is doubled.
Volibear;FIGHTER / TANK;THE RELENTLESS STORM: This champion's Attacks and abilities grant Attack Speed, and eventually cause his/her Attacks to deal bonus magic damage to nearby enemies.;THUNDERING SMASH: This champion gains speed towards enemies, Stunning and damaging the first one he/she Attacks.;FRENZIED MAUL: This champion damages an enemy, applying on-hit effects and marking them. Casting this ability again on the same target deals bonus damage and Heals This champion.;SKY SPLITTER: This champion summons a lightning bolt at a location, dealing damage and Slowing enemies while granting This champion a Shield if he's inside the blast radius.;STORMBRINGER: This champion leaps to a target location, Slowing and damaging enemies beneath him/her while gaining bonus Health. Enemy towers near his/her landing location become temporarily disabled.
Yuumi;SUPPORT / MAGE;FELINE FRIENDSHIP: Periodically, when This champion strikes a champion with an attack or ability, he/she restores health to herself and the next ally he/she Attaches to. While Attached, This champion generates a special bond with his/her allies. The ally with the strongest bond enhances This champion's abilities while he/she is Attached to them.;PROWLING PROJECTILE: This champion fires a missile, dealing damage and slowing first target hit. It deals bonus damage and an enchanced slow if it takes at least 1.35 seconds to get to its target. While on his/her Best Friend, the slow is always enhanced and grants bonus On-Hit damage to his/her ally. While Attached, the missile can be controlled with your cursor for a brief period.;YOU AND ME!: This champion dashes to a target ally, becoming untargetable from everything except turrets. While on his/her Best Friend, he/she gains Heal & Shield Power and grants his/her Ally On-Hit healing.;ZOOMIES: Shields This champion and boosts Move Speed and Attack Speed. If she's attached, he/she passes it to his/her ally instead.;FINAL CHAPTER: This champion channels five waves that damage enemies and heal allies. This champion can move, attach, and cast Zoomies! while channeling. While on his/her Best Friend, this spell also follows his/her mouse.
Vayne;MARKSMAN / ASSASSIN;NIGHT HUNTER: This champion ruthlessly hunts evil-doers, gaining Move Speed when moving toward nearby enemy champions.;TUMBLE: This champion tumbles, maneuvering to carefully place his/her next shot. Him/Her next attack deals bonus damage.;SILVER BOLTS: This champion tips his/her bolts with a rare metal, toxic to evil things. The third consecutive attack or ability against the same target deals a percentage of the target's max health as bonus true damage.;CONDEMN: This champion draws a heavy crossbow from his/her back, and fires a huge bolt at his/her target, knocking them back and dealing damage. If they collide with terrain, they are impaled, dealing bonus damage and stunning them.;FINAL HOUR: Readying herself for an epic confrontation, This champion gains increased Attack Damage, Invisibility during Tumble, reduced Tumble cooldown, and more bonus Move Speed from Night Hunter
Tryndamere;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;BATTLE FURY: This champion gains Fury for each attack, critical strike, and killing blow he/she makes. Fury passively increases his/her Critical Strike Chance and can be consumed with his/her Bloodlust spell.;BLOODLUST: This champion thrives on the thrills of combat, increasing his/her Attack Damage as he/she is more and more wounded. He/She can cast Bloodlust to consume his/her Fury and heal himself.;MOCKING SHOUT: This champion lets out an insulting cry, decreasing surrounding champions' Attack Damage. Enemies with their backs turned to This champion also have their Move Speed reduced.;SPINNING SLASH: This champion slices toward a target unit, dealing damage to enemies in his/her path.;UNDYING RAGE: This champion's lust for battle becomes so strong that he/she is unable to die, no matter how wounded he/she becomes.
Warwick;FIGHTER / TANK;ETERNAL HUNGER: This champion's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage. If This champion is below 50% health, he/she heals the same amount. If This champion is below 25% health, this healing triples.;JAWS OF THE BEAST: This champion lunges forward and bites his/her target, dealing damage based on their maximum health and healing for damage dealt.;BLOOD HUNT: This champion senses enemies below 50% health, gaining Move Speed toward and attack speed against them. When they fall below 20% health, he/she frenzies and these bonuses triple.;PRIMAL HOWL: This champion gains damage reduction for 2.5 seconds. At the end, or if re-activated, he/she howls, causing nearby enemies to flee for 1 second.;INFINITE DURESS: This champion leaps in a direction (scaling with his/her bonus Move Speed), suppressing the first champion he/she collides with for 1.5 seconds.
Zac;TANK / FIGHTER;CELL DIVISION: Each time This champion hits an enemy with an ability, he/she sheds a chunk of himself that can be reabsorbed to restore Health. Upon taking fatal damage, This champion splits into 4 bloblets that attempt to recombine. If any bloblets remain, he/she will revive with an amount of Health depending on the Health of the surviving bloblets. Each bloblet has a percentage of This champion's maximum Health, Armor and Magic Resistance. This ability has a 5 minute cooldown.;STRETCHING STRIKES: This champion stretches an arm, grabbing an enemy. Attacking a different enemy will cause him/her to throw both targets towards each other.;UNSTABLE MATTER: This champion explodes outward towards nearby enemies, dealing a percentage of their maximum health as magic damage.;ELASTIC SLINGSHOT: This champion attaches his/her arms to the ground and stretches back, launching himself forward.;LET'S BOUNCE!: This champion bounces four times, knocking up enemies hit and slowing them.
Veigar;MAGE;PHENOMENAL EVIL POWER: This champion is the greatest Evil to ever strike at the hearts of Runeterra - and he's only getting bigger! Striking an enemy Champion with a spell or scoring a takedown grants This champion permanently increased Ability Power.;BALEFUL STRIKE: This champion unleashes a bolt of dark energy that deals magic damage to the first two enemies hit. Units killed by this bolt grant This champion some ability power permanently.;DARK MATTER: This champion calls a great mass of dark matter to fall from the sky to the target location, dealing magic damage when it lands. Stacks of Phenomenal Evil reduce Dark Matter's cooldown.;EVENT HORIZON: This champion twists the edges of space, creating a cage that Stuns enemies that pass through.;PRIMORDIAL BURST: Blasts target enemy champion, dealing a large amount of magic damage, increasing based on the target's missing health.
Twistedfate;MAGE / MARKSMAN;LOADED DICE: Upon killing a unit, Twisted Fate rolls his/her 'lucky' dice receiving 1 to 6 bonus gold.;WILD CARDS: Twisted Fate throws three cards, dealing damage to each enemy unit they pass through.;PICK A CARD: Twisted Fate chooses a magic card from his/her deck, and uses that for his/her next attack, causing bonus effects.;STACKED DECK: Every 4 attacks, Twisted Fate deals bonus damage. In addition, his/her Attack Speed is increased.;DESTINY: Twisted Fate predicts the fortunes of his/her foes, revealing all enemy champions and enabling the use of Gate, which teleports Twisted Fate to any target location in 1.5 seconds.
Monkeyking;FIGHTER / TANK;STONE SKIN: Wukong gains stacking armor and max health regeneration while fighting champions and monsters.;CRUSHING BLOW: Wukong's next attack gains attack range, deals bonus damage, and reduces the target's armor for a few seconds.;WARRIOR TRICKSTER: Wukong becomes Invisible and dashes in a direction, leaving behind a clone that will attack nearby enemies.;NIMBUS STRIKE: Wukong dashes to a targeted enemy and sends out images to attack enemies near his/her target, dealing damage to each enemy struck.;CYCLONE: Wukong's extends his/her staff and spins it around repeatedly, gaining Move Speed. Enemies struck take damage and are knocked up.
Zed;ASSASSIN;CONTEMPT FOR THE WEAK: This champion's basic attacks against low health targets deals bonus Magic Damage. This effect can only occur once every few seconds against the same enemy champion.;RAZOR SHURIKEN: This champion and his/her shadows throw their shurikens. Each shuriken deals damage to every enemy hit.;LIVING SHADOW: Passive: This champion gains energy whenever he/she and his/her shadows strike an enemy with the same ability. Energy can only be gained once per cast ability. Active: This champion's shadow dashes forward, remaining in place for a few seconds. Reactivating Living Shadow will cause This champion to switch positions with this shadow.;SHADOW SLASH: This champion and his/her Shadows slash, dealing damage to nearby enemies. Enemies hit by a Shadow's slash are slowed.;DEATH MARK: This champion becomes untargetable and dashes to an enemy champion, marking them. After 3 seconds the mark triggers, repeating a portion of all the damage This champion dealt to the target while they were marked.
Velkoz;MAGE / SUPPORT;ORGANIC DECONSTRUCTION: Vel'Koz's abilities apply Organic Deconstruction to enemies on hit. If 3 stacks are accumulated, the enemy will take a burst of true damage.;PLASMA FISSION: Vel'Koz shoots a bolt of plasma that splits in two on reactivation or upon hitting an enemy. The bolt slows and damages on hit.;VOID RIFT: Vel'Koz opens a rift to the void that deals an initial burst of damage, then explodes for a second burst of damage after a delay.;TECTONIC DISRUPTION: Vel'Koz causes an area to explode, knocking up enemies, and knocking close enemies slightly away.;LIFE FORM DISINTEGRATION RAY: Vel'Koz unleashes a channelled beam that follows the cursor for 2.5 seconds that deals magic damage. Organic Deconstruction Researches enemy champions causing them to take true damage instead.
Twitch;MARKSMAN / ASSASSIN;DEADLY VENOM: This champion's basic attacks infect the target, dealing true damage each second.;AMBUSH: This champion becomes Camouflaged for a short duration and gains Move Speed. When leaving Camouflage, This champion gains Attack Speed for a short duration. When an enemy champion with Deadly Venom dies, Ambush's cooldown is reset.;VENOM CASK: This champion hurls a cask of venom that explodes in an area, slowing targets and applying deadly venom to the target.;CONTAMINATE: This champion wreaks further havoc on poisoned enemies with a blast of his/her vile diseases.;SPRAY AND PRAY: This champion unleashes the full power of his/her crossbow, shooting bolts over a great distance that pierce all enemies caught in their path.
Xayah;MARKSMAN;CLEAN CUTS: After using an ability, This champion's next basic attacks will hit all targets along their path and leave a Feather.;DOUBLE DAGGERS: This champion throws two damaging daggers that also drop Feathers he/she can recall.;DEADLY PLUMAGE: This champion creates a storm of blades that increase his/her Attack Speed and damage while also granting his/her Move Speed if he/she attacks a champion.;BLADECALLER: This champion calls back all his/her dropped Feathers dealing damage and rooting enemies.;FEATHERSTORM: This champion leaps into the air becoming untargetable and throwing out a fan of daggers, dropping Feathers he/she can recall.
Zeri;MARKSMAN;LIVING BATTERY: This champion's Attacks deal magic damage and are treated as Abilities. Moving and casting Burst Fire stores up energy in This champion's Sparkpack. When fully charged his/her next Attack deals bonus damage.;BURST FIRE: Burst Fire shoots a burst of 7 rounds that deal attack damage to the first enemy hit. This Ability is treated as an Attack.;ULTRASHOCK LASER: This champion fires an electric pulse that slows and damages the first enemy hit. If the pulse hits a wall it expands into a long range laser.;SPARK SURGE: This champion dashes a short distance and energizes his/her next 3 shots of Burst Fire, causing them to pierce through enemies. He/She will vault and grind over any terrain he/she touches.;LIGHTNING CRASH: This champion discharges a nova of electricity and overcharges herself, gaining increased damage and stacking Move Speed that refreshes and gets stronger every time he/she hits an enemy champion. While overcharged, Burst fire becomes a faster triple shot that chains lightning between enemies.
Vex;MAGE;DOOM 'N GLOOM: This champion periodically becomes empowered, causing his/her next basic Ability to fear enemies and interrupt dashes. Whenever a nearby enemy dashes, This champion applies a mark that can be consumed for bonus damage that also reduces the cooldown of his/her empowered state.;MISTRAL BOLT: Launch a damaging missile that accelerates mid-flight.;PERSONAL SPACE: Gain a shield and damage nearby enemies.;LOOMING DARKNESS: Summon a damaging and slowing zone that applies Gloom to enemies.;SHADOW SURGE: Fire a missile that marks an enemy champion. Recast to dash to them and deal damage.
Udyr;FIGHTER / TANK;BRIDGE BETWEEN: This champion has four basic Abilities that swap between Stances and can Recast an Ability to renew it with Ultimate benefits. Additionally, after using an Ability, This champion's next two Attacks gain Attack Speed.;WILDING CLAW: This champion gains attack speed and his/her next two attacks deal bonus physical damage. Recast: Gain even more attack speed, and the next two attacks call lightning to strike the target.;IRON MANTLE: This champion gains a shield and his/her next two attacks heal him. Recast: Gain an even bigger shield and heal based on max health over the next couple seconds.;BLAZING STAMPEDE: This champion gains movement speed and his/her first attack against each target will Stun them. Recast: Gain even more movement speed and immunity to immobilizing effects for a couple seconds.;WINGBORNE STORM: This champion surrounds himself in a glacial storm, damaging and slowing nearby enemies. Recast: Empower and unleash the storm, causing it to track enemies and deal additional damage.
Xerath;MAGE / SUPPORT;MANA SURGE: This champion's basic attacks periodically restore Mana. Whenever This champion kills a unit, this cooldown is reduced.;ARCANOPULSE: Fires a long-range beam of energy, dealing magic damage to all targets hit.;EYE OF DESTRUCTION: Calls down a barrage of arcane energy, slowing and dealing magic damage to all enemies in an area. Targets in the middle receive additional damage and a stronger slow.;SHOCKING ORB: Deals magic damage to an enemy and stuns them.;RITE OF THE ARCANE: This champion immobilizes himself and gains numerous long-range barrages.
Ziggs;MAGE;SHORT FUSE: Periodically, This champion' next basic attack deals bonus magic damage. This cooldown is reduced whenever This champion uses an ability.;BOUNCING BOMB: This champion throws a bouncing bomb that deals magic damage.;SATCHEL CHARGE: This champion flings an explosive charge that detonates after a delay, or when this ability is activated again. The explosion deals magic damage to enemies, knocking them away. This champion is also knocked away, but takes no damage. This champion can use the Satchel to hexplode vulnerable enemy turrets.;HEXPLOSIVE MINEFIELD: This champion scatters proximity mines that detonate on enemy contact, dealing magic damage and slowing. Successive mine detonations on the same target deal reduced damage.;MEGA INFERNO BOMB: This champion deploys his/her ultimate creation, the Mega Inferno Bomb, hurling it an enormous distance. Enemies in the primary blast zone take more damage than those farther away.
Vi;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;BLAST SHIELD: This champion charges a shield over time. The shield can be activated by hitting an enemy with an ability.;VAULT BREAKER: This champion charges his/her gauntlets and unleashes a vault shattering punch, carrying his/her forward. Enemies he/she hits are knocked back and receive a stack of Denting Blows.;DENTING BLOWS: This champion's punches break his/her opponent's Armor, dealing bonus damage and granting his/her Attack Speed.;RELENTLESS FORCE: This champion's next attack blasts through his/her target, dealing damage to enemies behind it.;CEASE AND DESIST: This champion runs down an enemy, knocking aside anyone in the way. When he/she reaches his/her target he/she knocks it into the air, jumps after it, and slams it back into the ground.
Urgot;FIGHTER / TANK;ECHOING FLAMES: This champion's basic attacks and Purge periodically trigger blasts of flame from his/her legs, dealing physical damage.;CORROSIVE CHARGE: Fires an explosive charge at the target location, dealing physical damage and slowing enemies caught in the explosion.;PURGE: This champion slows himself while he/she unloads his/her weapon on nearby enemies. Prioritizes enemy champions This champion has recently struck with other abilities and triggers Echoing Flames.;DISDAIN: This champion charges in a direction, shielding himself and trampling non-champion enemies. If he/she catches an enemy champion, he/she will stop and hurl them out of his/her way.;FEAR BEYOND DEATH: This champion fires a chem-drill that impales the first enemy champion hit. If that champion falls below a health threshold, This champion judges them weak and can execute them.
Xinzhao;FIGHTER / TANK;DETERMINATION: Every third attack deals bonus damage and heals Xin Zhao.;THREE TALON STRIKE: Xin Zhao's next 3 standard attacks deal increased damage with the third attack knocking an opponent into the air.;WIND BECOMES LIGHTNING: Xin Zhao slashes in front of himself with his/her spear, then thrusts it forward, slowing affected enemies and marking them as Challenged.;AUDACIOUS CHARGE: Xin Zhao charges to an enemy, gaining increased Attack Speed and dealing damage to all enemies in the area, slowing them briefly. Audacious Charge gains increased range against Challenged targets.;CRESCENT GUARD: Xin Zhao challenges an enemy he/she damaged recently. Xin Zhao deals damage to nearby enemies based on their current Health and knocks non-challenged targets back, becoming impervious to damage dealt by champions outside of the circle created.
Zilean;SUPPORT / MAGE;TIME IN A BOTTLE: This champion stores time as Experience and can grant it to his/her allies. When he/she has enough Experience to finish an ally's level up, he/she can right-click them to impart it. This champion receives as much Experience as he/she gives.;TIME BOMB: Tosses a bomb to target area that sticks to units that come near it (prioritizes Champions). It detonates after 3 seconds, dealing area of effect damage. If a Time Bomb is detonated early by another Time Bomb, it also stuns enemies.;REWIND: This champion can prepare himself for future confrontations, reducing the cooldowns of his/her other basic abilities.;TIME WARP: This champion bends time around any unit, decreasing an enemy's Move Speed or increasing an ally's Move Speed for a short time.;CHRONOSHIFT: This champion places a protective time rune on an allied champion, teleporting the champion back in time if they take lethal damage.
Yasuo;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;WAY OF THE WANDERER: This champion's Critical Strike Chance is increased. Additionally, This champion builds toward a shield whenever he/she is moving. The shield triggers when he/she takes damage from a champion or monster.;STEEL TEMPEST: Thrusts forward, damaging all enemies in a line. On hit, grants a stack of Gathering Storm for a few seconds. At 2 stacks, Steel Tempest fires a whirlwind that knocks Airborne. Steel Tempest is treated as a basic attack and scales with all the same things.;WIND WALL: Creates a moving wall that blocks all enemy projectiles for 4 seconds.;SWEEPING BLADE: Dashes through target enemy, dealing magic damage. Each cast increases subsequent dash's damage, up to a max amount. Cannot be re-cast on the same enemy for a few seconds. If Steel Tempest is cast while dashing, it will strike as a circle.;LAST BREATH: Blinks to an Airborne enemy champion, dealing physical damage and holding all Airborne enemies in the area in the air. Grants maximum Flow but resets all stacks of Gathering Storm. For a moderate time afterwards, This champion's critical strikes gain significant Bonus Armor Penetration.
Viego;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;SOVEREIGN'S DOMINATION: Enemies who fall before This champion become wraiths. By attacking a wraith, This champion temporarily seizes control of the dead enemy's body, healing for a percentage of his/her target's max health and gaining access to their basic abilities and items. He/She replaces their Ultimate with a free cast of his/her own.;BLADE OF THE RUINED KING: This champion's spectral blade passively deals bonus percent current Health damage On-Hit and strikes twice vs. enemies he/she recently hit with an Ability, stealing Health. This champion can activate this Ability to thrust his/her zweihander forward, impaling enemies in front of him.;SPECTRAL MAW: This champion charges up before dashing forward, releasing a ball of concentrated Black Mist that stuns the first enemy hit.;HARROWED PATH: This champion commands the Black Mist to haunt and surround a piece of terrain. This champion can hide in the Mist as a wraith, gaining camouflage, Move Speed, and Attack Speed.;HEARTBREAKER: This champion teleports to a nearby location and executes an enemy champion on arrival, piercing their heart and causing a destructive shockwave around them that knocks away their allies.
Zoe;MAGE;MORE SPARKLES!: This champion's next basic attack after casting a spell deals bonus magic damage.;PADDLE STAR!: This champion fires a missile that he/she can redirect in flight. Deals more damage the longer it flies in a straight line.;SPELL THIEF: This champion can pick up the remnants of enemy summoner spell and active item casts and cast them once herself. Whenever he/she casts a summoner spell, he/she gains 3 missiles that fire at the nearest target.;SLEEPY TROUBLE BUBBLE: Causes the target to become drowsy, then fall asleep. While asleep, the target's Magic Resist is reduced. The first source of damage that breaks the sleep is doubled, up to a cap.;PORTAL JUMP: Blink to a nearby position for 1 second. Then blink back.
Yone;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;WAY OF THE HUNTER: This champion deals magic damage with every second Attack. In addition, his/her critical strike chance is increased.;MORTAL STEEL: Thrusts forward, damaging all enemies in a line. On hit, grants a stack of Gathering Storm for a few seconds. At 2 stacks, Mortal Steel dashes This champion forward with a gust of wind knocking enemies Airborne. Mortal Steel is treated as a basic attack and scales with all the same things.;SPIRIT CLEAVE: Cleaves forward, damaging all enemies in a cone. Grants a shield to This champion, the value is increased by the number of champions hit by the swipe. Spirit Cleave's cooldown and cast time scale with attack speed.;SOUL UNBOUND: This champion's spirit leaves his/her body behind, gaining Move Speed. When this ability ends, This champion's spirit is forced back to his/her body and he/she repeats a portion of the damage he/she dealt as a spirit.;FATE SEALED: This champion blinks behind the last champion in a line with a slash so powerful it pulls all enemies hit towards him.
Viktor;MAGE;GLORIOUS EVOLUTION: This champion gains Hex Fragments whenever he/she kills an enemy. With every 100 Hex Fragments he/she obtains, This champion permanently augments an active ability. After upgrading all of his/her basic abilities, he/she can gather 100 Hex Fragments to augment his/her ultimate ability.;SIPHON POWER: This champion blasts an enemy unit with magic damage, which grants him/her a shield and empowers his/her next basic attack. Augment: Siphon Power's shield is increased by 60% and This champion gains bonus move speed after casting the Ability.;GRAVITY FIELD: This champion conjures a heavy gravitational field that slows enemies caught within its radius. Enemies who stay in the field for too long become stunned. Augment: This champion's spells apply a slow to enemies.;HEXTECH RAY: This champion uses his/her biomechanical arm to fire a Hextech Ray that cuts across the field in a line, dealing damage to all enemies in its path. Augment: An explosion follows in the Hextech Ray's wake, dealing magic damage.;ARCANE STORM: This champion conjures an Arcane Storm on the field, dealing magic damage and interrupting enemy channels. The storm periodically does magic damage to all nearby enemies and can be redirected by This champion. Augment: The Arcane Storm moves 25% faster, and whenever champions die after taking damage from it, the storm grows and increases in its duration.
Zyra;MAGE / SUPPORT;GARDEN OF THORNS: Seeds spawn around This champion periodically, becoming faster with level. This champion can cast Deadly Spines or Grasping Roots near seeds to grow plants, who fight for This champion.;DEADLY SPINES: Thick vines spread through the ground and explode into spines, dealing magic damage to enemies within the area. If cast near a seed, Deadly Spines grows a Thorn Spitter plant, which fires at enemies from afar.;RAMPANT GROWTH: This champion plants a seed, lasting up to 60 seconds. Deadly Spines and Grasping Roots cast near seeds will turn them into plants who fight for This champion. This champion can store multiple seeds at once, and killing enemies reduces Rampant Growth's recharge time.;GRASPING ROOTS: This champion sends forth vines through the ground to ensnare his/her target, dealing damage and rooting enemies they come across. If cast near a seed, Grasping Roots grows a Vine Lasher, whose short range attacks reduce enemy Move Speed.;STRANGLETHORNS: This champion summons a twisted thicket at his/her target location, dealing damage to enemies as it expands and knocking them airborne as it contracts. Plants within the thicket are enraged.
Yorick;FIGHTER / TANK;SHEPHERD OF SOULS: The Cursed Horde: This champion can summon Mist Walkers to swarm and attack nearby enemies.;LAST RITES: This champion deals bonus damage on his/her next attack and heals himself. If the target dies a grave will be dug.;DARK PROCESSION: This champion summons a destructible wall at target location that will block enemy movement.;MOURNING MIST: This champion throws a globule of Black Mist that damages, slows and marks enemies.;EULOGY OF THE ISLES: This champion summons the Maiden of the Mist that causes This champion's attacks against the Maiden's target to deal bonus damage. The Maiden will also automatically raise Walkers from dead enemies.
Vladimir;MAGE / FIGHTER;CRIMSON PACT: Every 30 points of bonus Health gives This champion 1 Ability Power and every 1 point of Ability Power gives This champion 1.6 bonus Health (does not stack with itself).;TRANSFUSION: This champion steals life from the target enemy. When This champion's resource is full, Transfusion will benefit from massively increased damage and healing for a brief time.;SANGUINE POOL: This champion sinks into a pool of blood, becoming untargetable for 2 seconds. Additionally, enemies on the pool are slowed and This champion siphons life from them.;TIDES OF BLOOD: This champion pays his/her own health to charge up a reservoir of blood which, when released, deals damage in the area around him/her but can be blocked by enemy units.;HEMOPLAGUE: This champion infects an area with a virulent plague. Affected enemies take increased damage for the duration. After a few seconds, Hemoplague deals magic damage to infected enemies and heals This champion for each enemy Champion hit.
Ambessa;FIGHTER / ASSASSIN;DRAKEHOUND'S STEP: Entering an attack or movement command while casting an ability will cause this champion to dash a short distance once the ability is cast, granting his/her next attack bonus range, damage, and attack speed, and refunding energy.;CUNNING SWEEP / SUNDERING SLAM: This champion sweeps his/her twin drakehounds in a semicircle in front of her, dealing bonus damage to enemies hit by the blades. Striking an enemy will transform the next cast of this ability for a short period of time, causing his/her to slam his/her twin drakehounds down in a line in front of her, dealing bonus damage to the first enemy hit.;REPUDIATION: This champion gains a shield, briefly braces themself, and then slams the ground to damage nearby enemies. If he/she blocked any non-minion damage while bracing themself, this ability will deal increased damage.;LACERATE: This champion whips his/her twin drakehounds around themself, damaging and slowing nearby enemies. Initiating Drakehound's Step from this ability causes his/her to strike a second time at the end of its dash.;PUBLIC EXECUTION: This champion blinks to the farthest enemy champion in a line of his/her choosing and suppresses them upon his/her arrival. They then slam the enemy into the ground where they take damage and are stunned.
Amumu;TANK / SUPPORT;CURSE TOUCH: This champion's basic attacks Curse his/her enemies, causing them to take bonus true damage from incoming magic damage.;BANDAGE TOSS: This champion tosses a sticky bandage at a target, stunning and damaging the target while being pulled to them.;DESPAIR: Overcome by anguish, nearby enemies lose a percentage of their maximum Health each second and have their Curses refreshed.;TANTRUM: Permanently reduces the physical damage this champion would take. This champion can unleash his/her rage, dealing damage to surrounding enemies. Each time this champion is hit, the cooldown on Tantrum is reduced.;CURSE OF THE SAD MUMMY: This champion entangles surrounding enemy units in bandages, applying Curse, damaging and stunning them.
Anivia;MAGE;REBIRTH: Upon taking fatal damage, this champion reverts to an egg and is reborn with full health.;FLASH FROST: This champion brings his/her wings together and summons a sphere of ice that flies towards his/her opponents, chilling and damaging anyone in its path. When the sphere explodes it does moderate damage in a radius, stunning anyone in the area.;CRYSTALLIZE: This champion condenses the moisture in the air into an impassable wall of ice to block all movement. The wall only lasts a short duration before it melts.;FROSTBITE: With a flap of his/her wings, this champion blasts a freezing gust of wind at his/her target, dealing damage. If the target was recently hit by Flash Frost or damaged by a fully formed Glacial Storm, the damage they take is doubled.;GLACIAL STORM: This champion summons a driving rain of ice and hail to damage his/her enemies and slow their advance.
Annie;MAGE / SUPPORT;PYROMANIA: After casting 4 spells, this champion's next offensive spell will stun the target. This champion begins the game and respawns with Pyromania available.;DISINTEGRATE: This champion hurls a Mana infused fireball, dealing damage and refunding the Mana cost if it destroys the target.;INCINERATE: This champion casts a blazing cone of fire, dealing damage to all enemies in the area.;MOLTEN SHIELD: Grants this champion or an ally a shield, a burst of Move Speed, and damages enemies who strike them with attacks or spells.;SUMMON: TIBBERS - This champion wills his/her bear Tibbers to life, dealing damage to units in the area. Tibbers can attack and also burns enemies that stand near him.